e8uh4t	Hi, this is a throwaway as I don’t want this linked to my main account. Apologies for mobile formatting yada yada.  So I’ll get right into it. I (19m) go to a top university in the UK. I am a second year and live with my ex girlfriend (19f) and 3 of our mutual friends. This came about because in my first year, I started dating my now ex near the start of Uni and we all decided to live together for second year. Near the end of the year she cheated on me by sleeping with some random bloke she’d pulled in a club. I confronted her and broke it off.   Fast forward to September and the arrangement is now very awkward as we’re not on speaking terms, yet share a house. There is a lot of tension and mutual dislike in the air. She has done a lot of petty things so far this year which I won’t get into, but safe to say she’s pissed off everyone in the house and there are arguments almost daily.   Well a couple of nights ago I was coming back from a night out with my friends at around 2 or 3am, and it’s possibly important here to note that she doesn’t have any friends at university, whereas I am involved in several societies, was always the ‘popular’ social butterfly of our house, go out multiple times a week etc and that this was always a point of contention during our relationship as, though she didn’t like to admit it, she was always jealous.   I went into the kitchen to fill up a bottle of water. I’m quite drunk at this point. Well lo and behold she is in there and turns to me to say something along the lines of ‘drunk again?’ With a smirk and belittled me for enjoying myself. I said it’s not my fault she’s a loner and that nobody likes her, we argued a bit about cleaning and other household issues. She then says that at least Adam liked her and that’s why she cheated because he was better than me, which really pissed me off.  I mention how lonely it must be to have no friends and family being so far away and ask if she heard me the other night with a girl I’d brought home. She said she’s glad she hurt me and asked if I’ve mentally recovered. She knew I had on and off mental health issues while we dated. Which was the final straw as I had further mental health issues for most of that summer as a direct result of her. I said to her, shouting, ‘at least my daddy didn’t fucking leave me when I was 5, if he could see you now he’d leave all over again you dirty little cunt.’  She burst out crying and ran from the kitchen. She had her mum pick her up the next day, and I haven’t seen her since. My housemates, who already dislike her are on my side. My friends and family are also on my side for the most part.  I knew her insecurities from our time together and said the most hurtful thing I could muster, specifically targeting what I knew would cause the most pain and distress and probably took it too far, so while I hate her, I’m aware I’m probably in the wrong, though remorse still eludes me.   So Reddit, AITA?
e8tm2r	Here where I live, it's not mandatory to move out of parents place after growing up.  In fact it is looked as bad if sons leave their parents alone when they get old. Women must move in with husband and husband's family after marriage.    In my case, I was pregnant with my first child as soon as I got married.  But there were a few complications with it, so I stayed at my parents place ( also its mandatory for women's parents to handle all expenses of first child pregnancy and delivery here).   After my son turned 4 months,  I went back to my husband's.  But we have mosquito problems there (assume atleast 30 in a room). My son was preterm and he caught cold and fever almost every month. My husband hates whenever the kid cries when giving medication.  My mother in law can't help out, she has heart condition. I would have to stay up all night fight mosquitoes and handle every thing about my child.  So I would go to my parents place often, my mom would help out.   My son is very unique.  He never eats. He hates eating and nothing I tried worked. He 90% grew up on milk till 3. No doctor could do anything.  It seems like I was the same as a kid.  6 months ago, I had twins. This time too I had complications with lots of bleeding and required bed rest. My mother in law couldn't help and my parents offered help.   After the twins were born,  its even more difficult.   There are nights I never slept.  If my twins slept,  my son will come wake me up.  My parents helped so much even if they are old and in lots of pain too. I wanted to go live with my husband again.  But my mother in law is even more sick. My husband does not know how to handle kids (especially the crying kind) and my mother in law supports his behavior indirectly.   My husband's brother who lived with them had a severe problem with the neighbors and moved out a year ago and his wife is still recovering.  When that happened,  I asked my husband and his parents to move near my parents place.  That way, it will be easy for me to get help from my parents (they want to help). My mother in law refused coz  her other grandchildren would come, her daughter would go there for dinner after work and a doctor she consult (she gets sick at nights sometimes)is also nearby.   With the twins 6 months now and my son misses his dad so much, even though he visits regularly.  I asked my husband to move nearby just him, me and our kids. He says we can go back to his parents place after a yr.( It will be difficult to watch over three clingy kids when sick). He understands it is difficult  to watch the kids by myself.  But he blames me now, saying I'm splitting his family and his mother and father would be all alone and renting a place would cost him lots ( most of the expenses were taken care of by my parents till now). AITA for asking him to come live together away from his parents?
e8t73w	Okay so my friend and her bf have a little dispute that has been going on. He told her he didn't smoke before they started dating, other than trying cigs and cigars a few times, but he acted like it was just something he tried, not something he infrequently does.  He claims he likes to do it very rarely, like maybe once a year, but he still will do it. We were at a bar and he(we will call Jake) went outside and decided to chain smoke a pack of cigarettes of his friends and my friend we will call Jess was upset over it.  He usually smokes cigars on occasion, which she isn't a huge fan of but she will tolerate it as she is the type who doesn't try and tell Jake was to do, because she isn't a controlling person. She ended up looking upset and I was thinking to myself that Jake is kind of a jerk for doing it, but mainly for dong it while she was there knowing she isn't a fan of it.  He comes back in and she is kind of quiet and he looks to her, with a guilty stare. We were all kind of drunk and got into a debate about it HE brought it up and he was saying how he only does it when drunk and wouldn't do it sober. 5 of us friends were all kind of just talking about it and then finally I was like (something like this)  "You guys do realize in relationships compromise is a thing and I hate to break it to you but smoking socially should be something easy for Jake to stop, considering he claims he rarely does it, which I think is true from what I see. Yes Jess seems maybe a little uptight about it, but you act like you never smoke when you do, even if its infrequent or not. If it came down to one of you being wrong, it would be you Jake because smoking is literally a reasonable thing for Jess to want you to stop doing, as its horrible for you and stinks like shit."  I don't know word for word but it was very similar. Jake said that I was a bitch and that he never wants to hang out with me again, Jess isn't upset but thinks that we should avoid talking about this anymore. They were the ones who brought it up!  &#x200B;  edit: I don't personally think smoking is the worst thing in the world when done on occasion, but it was effecting their relationship so much   AITA?
e8t2h7	Ok, so first some background. I have a workmate-turned-roommate-turned-bestfriend which whom we have bonded over real hardships around our workplace. Recently I moved to live as his roomie, and we got closer, so much he told me about his ex.  His ex was a very manipulative person, who, among some stupidities, he asked my friend for his car to go having an affair in secret, left him planted on Christmas dinner after my friend cooked dinner especially for him, refused to pay for an expensive computer that left my friend penniless (he's still indebted). TBQH even tho i believe everything he says is true, i wouldn't doubt if he did some stupid stuff to the ex (that's how relationship works, and almost everyone paints themselves as a saint after a messy relationship/breakup). BTW this happened like 5 years prior.  So here's the thing: We've been bummed out for months because of the workplace issues. So last week, all those issues went away and we're now better than before (economically). However, that same day, he was still sad and kinda blueing the mood. When I asked why, he said he has been thinking about his ex, said  he feels like a connection, and thinks his ex misses him, and also he misses his ex. For the record, this is not the first time he tells me about his ex, and certainly not the first time he says he misses him, but the other times I was able to empathize with him somewhat (mainly due to toxic relationships I had, and also because of feeling sad for the work stuff). But not this time, I was happy and only was thinking about not letting the spark going out for something that happened 5 years ago... So i yelled at him, told him that was too long ago, and that guy was an asshole who didn't deserve him getting all depressed for. He went silent and got out of the room, and since last week he hasn't been talking a lot to me.  So AITA for trying to prioritize my happy feelings for his emotional baggage? Cause I feel like it
e8sv2m	My long distance girlfriend recently came home for christmas, visiting her parents. Her parents and I live relatively close, so naturally we try to spend as much time as possible together while she's here. The weekend she flew home I happened to be away for a football trip with a friend, watching our favorite team. The following Monday I drove straight from work to their house to spend time with her(about an hour's drive), and had to get up early to get to work the next day (also an hour drive back). I get to work the next day, and she texts me, asking if I want to drive back to their house so we can spend more time together, specifically saying "if you don't have any other plans". I saw her text and remembered that another buddy of mine and I had talked about watching tonight's game together. So I ask him if he is down for it, and he is. So I text her back that I already have plans. She says is ok, but later texts that she is really disappointed that I don't want to spend time with her, and that she doesn't feel "special" at all because she thought we would spend more time together. It's worth mentioning that she is staying at her parents house for 2 months, so I argue that we have a lot of time, and that it just didn't work out that specific day. She also doesn't want to come over to my house because: "I just feel like spending some time at home the first couple of days". She then tells me that I just went on a football trip with that other friend, meaning I should cancel my plans for the night and spend time with her instead. Reddit, AITA?
e8rrik	My girlfriend and I have been dating for 6 years (with a 1 month break to see others around the 5 year mark) and I just found a tinder verification code from 3 months ago in her messages. I have not said anything yet and am thinking about how I should deal with this situation without making it messier than it seems like it’s going to be.  There was another incident like this where I had a hunch and went through her messages just after our break and found some things that she was not honest about.   So... who’s the BIGGER asshole I guess.?   Thanks in advance
e8r12h	Backstory:  Dad wasn't involved, mum made me second parent. I had a terrible relationship with all 3 of my younger brothers because they got used to me doing what they said so they only ever really spoke to me to give me orders and I'd get yelled at if I didn't do it.  When I was 18 I moved to a university in another country, as mum told me that if I was able to drive home I was to come back every weekend to help out. When I told her I was looking at the university in another country she stopped me sending my application because she needed help with my brothers. I sent it anyway, and didn't tell her.  I told her I was going to a different university but would be back on weekends, and then I headed to the airport instead. I sent mum a letter to let her know I was going to a university in another country but didn't say which one and that she wouldn't hear from me for a while. I posted a message on all social media I had saying the same thing because mum was using social media to keep track of me.  &#x200B;  Present day:  I'm 28 and I've not spoken to my family in a decade. In this time I've completed my undergrad and a postgrad, had a kid (3m), and I'm engaged. I've been using social media for networking, but with an altered last name and kept it strictly professional. I moved back to my home country for a job. I recently was told that mum passed away a couple of years ago. Knowing she couldn't find me I made myself a facebook account in my real name for social stuff, added my fiance's family and friends from the second country.  A week or two ago I got a request from Brother1. I ignored it, but presumably he told the other two because all 3 of them sent me friend requests. Today I said "fuck it" and added them all because I wanted to see what they would do more than anything.  I got a lengthy message from Brother3, asking how I was, apologising, and asking that I don't hold what they did as kids against them now. It was signed from all 3 of my brothers.  I left it on read while I figured out if/how I was going to reply, and then the account messaged again and said "wow so you just really don't give a shit about your family". I quickly typed back and sent off "Family are meant to give a shit about me, too. Far as I'm concerned family = my fiance and son".  I then got a follow up message from Brother1's account saying "Brother2 wrote that. He's just angry. Please don't take offense, he's lashing out because we all miss you".  Then they said "It looks like you're a couple hours away from us. \[Town about halfway between us\] is doing the Christmas fair again this year. Bring your family and we'll get hot chocolates and talk".  I replied that I wasn't sure that was a good idea and they replied that was a shame but please think about it. I feel like my mind is made up but my brothers stressed that they'd love to see me and talk.  AITA?
e8qdlt	So my girlfriend for about a year has a habit of complaining about her job... She's underpaid she's underappreciated she doesn't feel like an equal to the other girls... Now I'm all for getting the bad stuff out... I'll even sit there like a therapist ... but the other day I snapped and told her I can't listen to her complain anymore without offering advice -apparently I'm just supposed to listen- ... "How many job applications have you put out?" .. "are you even looking for another job or do you just like complaining about this one?"  I snapped ... In the nicest way -that I know how- I looked her dead in the eyes and I told her I don't want to hear her complaining about her job if she's not doing anything to change it.  Am I the asshole?
e8px3d	I (15f) am in highschool, and I ride the bus to school every day. About a week ago I got on the bus and sat down only to be cussed out by the girl sitting across the aisle from me for no reason I could discern. Today, I sat down and heard that girl talking to her friend next to her about how sometimes my backpack would hit her when I sat down and that "she knows it hits people, why can't she fix it".  Mind you, she wasn't even saying this to me- she was saying it to her friend. And no, I did NOT know my backpack was hitting her! WIBTA if I didn't reposition my backpack because this girl won't even talk to me maturely about it, yet still expects me to fix a problem I didn't even know existed until that point?
e8pi7u	Had a roommate who would get upset that there were water droplets on the metal sink top, and maybe the tile around it.  I mean to me, it's made of metal and tile for a reason, and that's overkill. But trying to gauge whether I'm in the wrong here.   I wash my dishes and cookware right after I use them. And I'm not saying I'd leave a pool of water but man, who gets upset over some water droplets around the sink?  AITA? Does it bother you if there's water on the sink? Thanks
e8pg8w	My (23F) mother (38F) had me when she was 15. She actually went against her family to have me, because of which she got kicked out of her home at the age of 15.  Needless to say, without a father in my life, my mother was the only one who raised me. She worked small jobs and went through a lot of hardships to give me the life I have today, and I am grateful for that.   Recently, my mother told me that she was dating someone. I was very happy for her as I've never seen her so excited about a man in her life. She told me she had been seeing him for 3 years.   When she introduced me to him, I was shocked because I knew the guy from my professional circle and I know that he is a married man with kids. I've seen him with his wife at company events.   I later asked my mother if she knew that the guy was married. She told me that she knew, her justification being that he was in an unhappy marriage and that his wife was emotionally 'abusive'.   I felt personally betrayed because I got cheated on a year ago by my serious ex boyfriend of 4 years. I still have PTSD from that relationship.I knew that my ex belittled me in front of the other girl to make himself look like the victim.   My mother was actually there for me while I dealt with the break up. The realization that all that time she was actually having an affair with a married man makes me sick.   She feels that ahe deserves to be happy. I never denied that, but  at what cost?   I kicked out my mother from my place and told the guy's wife. It was so heartbreaking. I ended up consoling her. I've been in her place and I know her pain is far greater than what I went through. 18 years of marriage is no joke. We actually keep in touch. She has decided to file for divorce.   My mother is heartbroken about my 'betrayal.' She's still seeing the d'bag.   The last time we talked, I told her never to call me again and that from that day on our relationship was over. I deleted her from my contacts and blocked her everywhere.   My aunt feels that my reaction was unwarranted.   What does Reddit think? AITA?    Edited - I've actually been diagnosed with PTSD. It's not me just throwing around the word. My mother saw how broken I was. She said my ex and the other girl were horrible for what they did, but then she and her lover were doing the same thing to another woman.
e8p18d	I've been letting a friend of mine who fell in a rough spot crash with me for the past couple of months. I otherwise live alone. It hasn't been terrible for the most part. He offered to help out around the place and I only asked for money once with the idea being that he save up to get a place of his own (he has a stable job, just needs to get on his feet.) But then as I think is usual in "new roommate" situarions, little things keep coming up like using my stuff without asking, begging me to buy him cigarettes, and the apartment smelling like weed when I come home after 10-12 hour shifts. I have absolutely nothing against weed, I just felt it was disrespectful and told him that directly, same thing with going through and/or using my stuff without asking. After all that, I also found out he had one of my neighbors (who I've never met) over in my place without me knowing, when I clearly stated before that I'm not cool with someone I don't know in my apartment. He swore up and down that it was just for a beer and a movie, and I did believe him. Even so, I gave him the deadline of a full month to be out already because it became clear that the situation wasn't working.  Tonight, I let the feeling of slowly deteriorating trust for this person that I consider to be a friend get to me. I ended up looking through his phone, and of course, in his gallery, found a video of him sucking some dude's dick in my bed from a full week prior to the aforementioned neighbor incident. I feel horrible for going through his stuff, especially since he's in the process of getting out, but also bad that I confirmed my feelings of mistrust and like I was disrespected. I'm conflicted about whether or not I should say anything and expedite the moving-out process, or just chill out and let it run its course. AITA for invading his privacy, and WIBTA for asking him to get out ASAP with this newfound knowledge?
e8op12	First: i am so sorry if my English is horrible, it's not my primary language.  Some background history: When i got my drivers License a year and a half ago, my dad gave me a car (a Opel astra H 2004) as a congratulation gift. It has served me well and i have been happy with it.  Now: I(M21) have recently started having a lot of problems with the car resulting in a lot of repairs which are starting to cost more then the car initially costed. So i decided i wanted a brand new car (on a car loan through my bank) and go electric, i have the economy for it as i am living at home and therefor have no expenses thanks to my parents generosity.  But when i told my dad he blew up in my face telling me that i was being insanely irresponsible and that i should just buy another old banged up car and go on that for another 2 years, and if i did buy the car he would kick me out of the house. Which to then i blew up in his face and now we haven't talked for 2 weeks. But my problem with buying an old car is 1. i don't wanna have problems with constant repairs again and 2. i want to go electric as i am a big environmental supporter.  Just so you don't call me a leeching ungrateful brat: i help my dad on his farm daily as he has a big farm but not a lot of people to help him. I'm also in the middle of studying to become a data-technician so i will also be economically sound when i move out.  the car in question is a Hyundai Ioniq Electric 2020, so it's not a top of the line stupid luxury purchase like a Tesla model s or something  TL:DR i want a new car, but my dad is gonna kick me out if i do get it  &#x200B;  EDIT: minor spelling mistake
e8onuw	My bf/ex had my car since its easier to park near his place, he lives a 5 min car ride from me. During the week of, we were rocky and deciding if we both wanted to be together, but he kept the car anyway.  Cue to Friday. I went to my friends after work to catch up. Another friend texts me reminding me she was borrowing my car and asked how to get it. I forgot and text my ex if I could get the car in the morning. He starts being an ass, I get annoyed and thought screw it Ill just get the keys tonight and not have him ruin my Saturday since I had a lot to do. I text him if I can actually get it tonight, prob late since I was an hour away so leave it with his doorman. He said ok, then says doorman leaving at 12 so get it from his. I ask if he could leave it at his door since Id be there late. He says ok.  Cue to 1am. Im a couple drinks in, didnt plan on drinking but hey its Friday it happens. I text my friend if she could get keys from me in the morn and cars parked by my exs place she says ok. I had 0 intention of driving. I get to my exs and the keys arent at his door (he lives on the corner of his floor so no chance someone would take it). Im annoyed and knock asking for keys. He refuses to give them to me claiming Im too drunk.  Cue to chaos. He couldnt "have it on his conscious" to give keys to a drunk person. I beg him to give me my keys, told him I wasnt driving and had no intention of it. I show him the text to my friend, I tried ordering Lyft to prove him I wasnt driving. I said watch me get into a Lyft. I ask if hed drive me back to my place if he didnt believe anything I say? Still no. Im exhausted want to go home but I promised my friend (Why didnt you leave and have your friend pick up from him when shed get the car? Bc I didnt want my friend to deal with his craziness if he was acting like this & I didnt want him to bother her about us bc hes done it before). Still no. Im furious now. I yell at him about how hes a shit bf and break up with him then. I yell about how hes a psycho and name all the things hes done wrong. Basically throw a temper tantrum. He hides the keys so Im trying to find it by his bathroom/front entrance. Now hes pissed too and says for me to come back in the morning. I refuse because I had a ton of work to do and would rather not waste energy in seeing him AGAIN. I refuse to leave his apartment until he gives me the keys. He says hell call the cops.  Cops come. He says his piece. I show the cop my text to my friend that I was planning to Lyft home all along. She gives me my keys and says to order a car to go home. I FINALLY go home. I didnt get a citation or charges (that Im aware of) but they did take both of our information down.  So Reddit, AITA or what? If I am, Ill apologize and be done with this.   &#x200B;  TLDR: Ex wouldnt give the keys to my car because I was drunk, never planned to drive, was Lyfting home. Wouldt leave his apt until I had keys, he called the cops on me instead. Cops gave keys to me in the end.
e8mtmg	I have an asshole roommate, he’s 33, extremely messy, rude, condescending, and just plain gross sometimes, like seriously he’ll leave a pizza box with just crusts in the fridge taking up all the space.  So anyways, I’ve been dealing with his bullshit for the past 4 months, literally I’ll clean up after him, put his stuff away, and just put headphones in when he calls his friend at 2 AM at night yelling into his phone and laughing obnoxiously.   Today, we’ve been dealing with a bug problem so I asked him to keep the lights on the restroom to deter bugs away. He willingly chooses to ignore this and makes it a point to close the door too (therefore letting more bugs come out). My last straw was him calling me down and asking me why the stove was dirty when he’s the only one that cooks.   That was the last straw for me, I know he sweats heavily during the night because I’ve been dealing with him having the AC on during the winter (cold enough where I’ll wake up freezing with layers of clothes on and 2 blankets).   I’m tired of his shit and I’m just over it, so I turn the heat up to about 79 degrees. He notices and starts to turn it back when I’m sleeping. My other roommates agree that we should have the heat on but they’re not home enough to care. So I’ve been waking up early in the morning around 3 AM to 4 AM to turn the heat up to 85 degrees.   AITA here? I wouldn’t have done anything if he was nicer about the other stuff but I’m sick of it. He wakes up sweating now because I can smell it coming from his room. Lemme know what your thoughts out. My friends don’t think I’m out of line. For context, the average temperature here right now is low 30’s.
e8m87k	A couple weeks ago I was out with friends and one friend could not make it. The others in the friend group started talking of how frustrating it was that she could never make it to anything anymore and that she had mentioned becoming good friends with some other people. A few days ago I was talking with said friend about things that annoyed me about the friend group and mentioned them saying this. I said that it annoyed me that they were saying this because I felt that they were only trying to drum up drama because they were bored. She replied that she agreed and that it was ridiculous because she still hung out with all of them multiple times each week and she was only hanging out less because work was busy. She then confronted members of the friend group about this and they became frustrated at me for telling her. AITA for telling her what they said while airing grievances regarding the group?
e8lqhs	So I have two friends, who we'll call L and R. The other day, L shared something with R and very distinctly told her not to tell anyone about it. However, the next day, R tells me about it, L tells someone else about it, and L gets mad at R for telling someone. R then tells me that she's "upset at the fact that L is mad at her".   Here's where I get involved. I told L that R was upset with her, trying to reconciliate them, but R found out that I tried to intervene. R said that I needed to not get myself involved into things that don't directly concern me. I was just trying to help, but I could see why I would be TA.  Sorry for making this sound like a soap opera, it wasn't as convoluted as it sounds here.
e8l8aj	We have super easy classes, she has nothing to do after school. I know this because she ubers home, buys food, and then eats and sleep and watches Netflix around her house. She’s pretty well off and her parents are very chill and yell at her to do stuff but she doesn’t want to because she’s lazy (her words). She has no chores, no job, nothing except school.   I told her I would do her homework for her after she asked if I would if she pays me but I now I don’t want to because I have school and I work 6 hours three times a week and I have to walk my brothers dog a lot. I also feel like she should be able to read a few pages in the text book and then answer questions which is what our homework is.   Am I the asshole if I tell her it’s easy enough to do herself?
e8kyzg	My friend has a terrible fashion sense for the occasion, like tomorrow to school, she is wearing a tube top a leather jacket shorts tennis shoes and fishnet stockings, its winter and it is snowing tomorrow. I said bro those clothes are skimpy, she got my friends against me. She had hurt me way worse breaking the skin like yesterday, she threw a small plastic tree at me and when I was bleeding she laughed at me. Meanwhile she calls girl who wear shorts like that sluts. Her shorts literally showing her butt.  Am I the asshole?
e8juyg	for example, female family member will corner me in a public space while i am doing something, where i dont really have an option to retreat eg, cooking,and with the most outraged atitude confront me about something. I will calmly try and explain my position  and have it ignored,  I will  note things are escalating  and  suggest we  leave the conversation until they can calm down, but they will continueverbally attacking with the same sense of outrage/ annoyanceand they will ignore any attempts to de-escalate. . At which point I will being both mad, and wanting a conversation ender, I will toss out some string of "fuck offs+bitch+trash" to indicate I am done, and then they will sulk, claim the moral highground, and  suggest  i should "fight fair" and that "other females dont get treated this way."  TLDR: Strictly verbally, does a male have the obligation to hold back when in fights with women? and either way, what do you think someone should  do, short walking out me  turning the burners off and locking myself in the bathroom for a few hours?
e8jt2p	Throwaway for obvious reasons.  BACKSTORY... This all started when i liked a girl in seventh grade(still do by the way). I became best friends with one of the girls at my crush table. Now my best friend has a crush on a guy at a different table. My best friend has told me this let’s say a couple of weeks ago.  NOW BACK TO THE STORY YOU ALL WANTED TO SEE... I’ll give out letters so you guys won’t get confused. M-me B-Best Friend MC-My Crush BC-Best Friend Crush  So today my B came up to MC and said I had a crush on her. However while me and B were on the phone B said she was talking to her future boyfriend. Of course MC knew it was me and asked and I said yes. This is where B’s crush comes in at. Now I’m at my locker and BC crush walks by and I say I have something to tell him and it’s a secret and he immediately knew he was B’s crush. When he leaves I call her over and tell her he knows that she likes her. She gets mad at me and storms off and I’m confused because I thought I helped her. When me and B were at dismissal waiting for our bus and she was cool and all but as soon as we got on the bus she just blows up in my face about it while BC is riding the bus and says that I at least have a chance with my crush and she doesn’t have a chance since he won’t talk to her. Now she calls me later after I apologized and she says she’s sorry now too. Then she sends me messages about her crying all night and I feel like she’s trying to guilt trip me.  So reddit, AITA?
e8jsq5	I'm a disabled adult who goes to a day program. Our program holds annual holiday parties, and I was just at one of them. Everyone at this center has various cognitive disabilities. We all get along with one-another, and even the ones who don't get along are still generally civil. But then there's this one guy I'm gonna call "Groose" after Groose from Skyward Sword.   Groose has been coming to program for about a year now and has been spending that year acting like a dick. This guy is around 60+ years old, and he doesn't give a shit about anybody but himself, nor does he even try. He can't be told "Hey, what you're doing and saying is not cool. Snap out of it." Because he will not care. If you tell him that, he pops off at you and goes, "Oh, I don't want to hear it! I don't care!" We've all accepted that the only way to deal with him is to ignore him because he will never learn.   Groose was at this party tonight. My friend, who I'm gonna call "Iris," wanted to go into the main room where everyone else was hanging out. Groose was sitting in the middle of the walkway and wouldn't budge. Typical Groose being Groose. Iris is more profoundly disabled than many of the others at the center. She is very limited communication-wise and while she can talk, she is not often heard or understoood. Iris has also had problems with Groose in the past. So she was maybe a bit frustrated that she wanted to go in and see her friends, he wasn't moving, she knew he wouldn't move if she asked him to, and also he likely wouldn't hear or understand him if she did. So she started pushing on him, which I agree she shouldn't have done.  He hollered, "YOU BITCH BETTER GET YOUR GODDAMN HANDS OFF OF ME RIGHT NOW!!!!"  Iris burst into wails because he yelled at her. I heard Iris wailing at the top of her lungs and went off. "EXCUSE you? What is your ACTUAL PROBLEM, Groose? Like, WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE?!" This isn't the first time I've gone off on Groose, but it was probably the worst I ever did. Iris cried, "WHY HE YELL AT ME?" I looked right at him and said, "It's because he's a rude asshole, and if he hasn't learned not to be one by his age, he never will."   I became the asshole, while the staff rushed to comfort Groose, telling him, "Shhh, it's okay, you're all right, calm down." One of the staff told me off for "talking bad about our friends," and when I said Groose is not my friend, she said, "Well he is MY friend, and I don't like you talking bad about MY friend." She then acted kinda done put off with me for the rest of the night. Iris was scolded for pushing Groose and crying "I HATE HIM" when he yelled at her, and Groose received no consequences. He did at least apologize to Iris though, which I commend him for.   I understand if I'm the ass here or if it's ESH. I just wanted to know if I could've handled it better. My staff is probably gonna pull me aside next time I go to program.
e8jj44	Help me out here, I still don't know how to feel about this whole situation.  Last summer, we were all hanging out with our college friend group. In this group there is Close Friend ( CF) and Other Friend ( OF), both females, along other folks. As you can guess, I'm much closer from CF than OF, but we used to all get along really well. Until one point.  The summer being what it is, we used to all party a lot, especially CF who is a party lover. What CF did at these was nobody's business actually, and we werent discussing it in the group. One night though, I was eating with OF and she started severely criticizing CF's behaviour, slut-shaming her with very hateful comments I won't write here. But on front of CF, she was acting all supportive and empathetic.  I didn't think much of this, but at one point CF went through a tough phase, and I felt bad for not telling about what I felt was an hypocritical behaviour from OF. I told her what she told me, because I believed I'd like to know if someone was trash-talking me behind my back, and since we're really close with CF, I thought I'd owe her at least this.  CF wasn't exactly thrilled by news, as she was feeling betrayed. She quickly pursued this discussion with OF herself, and OF came back at me, telling me that I am an asshole for snitching on her, and that I violated her trust.  I admit it wasn't the best thing to do, but I felt loyal to CF and I didn't see how I could hide that and still pretend to be her close friend. So, AITA ?
e8heoz	(Before you say YTAH please read my story)  My bio dad (40) and I (14) don't have the best relationship. He refuses to pay my mother child support sometimes, and he barely talks to me. And when he does, it's to either make small talk or to make me promises. Most of the time, he doesn't follow through on them.  Hell, just a few months ago he said that he'd take me on for vacation to where he lives for the summer, but he never did. And just a month ago, biodad got married without even telling me. (Even though he was supposed to be getting married a year later)   What happened really hurt my feelings, and as of now I don't want to speak with him anymore unless I want something from him. Right now, I'm buttering him up so that he gets me what I want because my birthday is coming up, and my real parents can't afford to get me anything.   I feel bad for it, but then I remember what he did to me and I start to not feel bad anymore. I feel like a selfish asshole, but I'm not sure I care about him anymore. I feel like I'm done with him.
e8gugj	For context, my husband and I have 4 kids together. His mother passed away, but even before that we did not have much interaction with his family.   My mother passed away 8 years ago. I don't interact much with my sisters (one took off to Florida years ago after abandoning 3 of her children and is in and out of prison and the other is not a nice person.) My oldest sibling and only brother, we'll call him J, is my only close family. He raised me along with two of his own children. I love him and his wife, L, rediculously.  Now here's the issue: his wife's family has always taken precedence in his eyes. When I was younger and living with them I was always included but not made to *feel* included. Christmas meant watching L and J's kids get tons of presents from their aunts and uncles (L is one of 6, and then their extended family too). L and J always got me something, so no big deal and I was a teenager anyway so it didn't really matter.  Then I had my own kids. My brother and I grew apart. I stopped doing birthday parties for my kids because other than J and L, we had no family to invite. They never wanted to come to my house for holiday dinners because L's mom (and now L) does the dinner thing. Eventually they stopped buying presents for my kids even though we still brought stuff for theirs. Invites to their functions became more and more belated until they stopped altogether.   A couple days ago I shared a meme on Facebook about family sticking together and all of a sudden I get a message from J about how we should come over for Christmas dinner. I politely declined and he pushed for a reason why. So I told him that not only do we have our own dinner planned and traditions that we observe, I didn't feel comfortable making my children go through another year of watching their cousins open piles of gifts from L's family while mine sit there with nothing. He was angry and blocked me after telling me that I was ungrateful for everything he and L had done for me.   I understand that Christmas isn't about the presents and my children should be grateful to spend time with family, but here's the thing. They only ever get presents from me and their dad. We're not rich, so they don't really get a lot to begin with, but they are extremely grateful for what they do recieve.   I'm just tired of watching my kids feel hurt because their cousins have more family than they do, basically.  Am I the asshole?  **Edit:** For clarity, my brother and his wife raised me. Her family is very closeknit, and I've been involved with them since I moved in with my brother at 12yo. I'm 35 now.   What I'm really upset about, I guess, is realizing that me and my kids aren't really as much a part of that family as I had always been told.  It is the feeling that while these "family members" were out picking out gifts for people they love, no one thought of my kids. There are other things that contribute to this, not least of which is that my brother didn't bother to even message my kids on their birthdays this year.
e8g5o5	My ex-wife and I are recently divorced and have 2 girls. Caught her having an affair, she separated, kept having the affair, skipped holidays with the kids, etc. She's pretty awful.   Since we've been divorced, she's been nickel-and-diming me almost as a form of harassment. For example, we put our oldest in an art therapist to make sure she was handling the divorce well and just was well equipped to work through any emotions she may feel. Because I work and my ex doesn't, she takes her to the appointment every week. Our agreement states that I cover 75% of healthcare costs, and she cover the remaining 25%. It also states that I need to provide receipts within 30 days and give her 30 days to pay. About a month and a half after the divorce was finalized, I said "hey the total for (oldest daughter's) therapy was $1,000, so your total is $250. Her response: I'll pay $150 because you did not provide receipts within 30 days.   I figured because she took her to the appointment, and even she knew exactly how much each one costs, that this kind of fell more in the realm of common decency and common sense. She's technically right, but still an asshole.   Our girls are the flower girls in my brothers wedding this weekend. We split the kids 50/50, and this weekend is her weekend with them. For the day of the wedding, I offered to pick them up from her house (completely out of the way for me) and drive them to the wedding, I'll have them all day, and asked her if she would pick them up after the ceremony is over, since I have to go do wedding party things, and the reception, which is a no kids allowed type thing.  It's about 30 miles from her house, 25 from mine. She's insistent that I should be paying for her gas money to pick up the kids. I think that's absurd. She says "she'd doing me a favor", and I say this isn't some favor – this is my brothers wedding, and the girls are in it.   Am I the asshole here?
e8g413	So Im a college student living in a single which is super close to housemates room. You can hear pretty much everything through the wall, even casual conversations.   Info about housemates: theyre a couple (which is why i figured they wouldnt mind the sex thing but they do) around the same age as me (22). They get into loud arguments on occasion, take showers together which i can gear, and talk late at night every so often, the guy works a late shift sometimes and wakes me up to some noises which i dont mind. I havent complained about any of these things because i can just put on my airpods and go back to sleep and both us can do what we want to do. I would like them to take the same approach when they hear me in various situations, mostly importantly sexual ones. I just wanted to make sure i was being reasonable before going forward with this because i do like them as roommates otherwise, the only problem we have is noise related. Side note they have complained about me talking to the girl im dating in my room somewhat late at night but then proceeded to do the same thing a couple days later which kind of upset me. The girl does seem to dislike the person im dating which may be a factor or maybe im just being unreasonable. I do think the fact that theyre a couple wouldve made them happy to be able to have sex whenever they want  but they seem kinda old fashioned about how it makes them uncomfortable. I have heard them having sex coming home once but not otherwise, they stopped once i got home which is kinda sad imo.   Thanks for the time and lemme know if you have any questions
e8fph8	   Here's the context.  First off I'm bisexual, so I get pretty pissed when I meet a homophobic person. We were on the bus when it started. Some random kid on my was confused about the difference between homosexual and homophobic. My friend sitting next to me explained it to him, but then another kid, I'll call him Jocco, said, "I'm homophobic." My friend asked him what's wrong with gay people, and the following conversation went like this:  Friend: What's wrong with gay people?  Jocco: Literally everything.  OP: Mmm... no. \*flips off Jocco\*  Friend: \*also flips off Jocco\*  Jocco: That's so immature, what are you, autistic?  OP: What's wrong with autistic people?  Jocco: Again, everything.  This one got me really pissed off because I have a friend who's autistic, and he's the nicest kid I know. Now, I hate homophobic people, but not as much as people who won't accept autistic people. I would take a bullet for my autistic friend, so I was fucking mad.  OP: Wow, you are a disgusting human being and should go to hell.  Friend: That's really fucked up Jocco.  OP and Friend: \*flip off Jocco again\*  Then some other kid chimes in and says, "You shouldn't be doing that. So what if you're upset about what he said, that's like wishing he would get run over by a bus."  OP: When did I say that?  Other kid: Just leave him alone.  So, Reddit, what do you think? Am I the asshole?
e8fmkg	I played a video game without my friend while he went to church without his phone. When he returned he was PISSED. He then said “What the f*ck dude?! Thats so mean and selfish!” I just said “If you are going to act like this, I don’t think I would want to share new games with you.” He then replied with “Omfg, such a great friend.” I ignored him and he said “Wanna play roblox?” I said sure, also my girlfriend is here.” He FaceTimed me and then read the message. After he FaceTimed me I asked if we could audio call. He said “No, and I don’t like it when more than one person is talking to you, it gets annoying.” My girlfriend then had to eat so we talked.  Am I The Asshole?
e8dxo4	I am genuinely perplexed by this because I feel so strongly that I am in the right  yet everyone around me does not see it that way.  So context I’m an 18 year old living at home, I was going to community college but had to take the semester off after breaking my foot. Growing up we had an abusive alcoholic father and it took way too long for my mom to leave him. Currently she is working 2 jobs to pay rent for me and my brother who’s never had a real job and dropped out freshman year.   The argument started a few nights ago, coming back from a family friends birthday party he starts throwing a huge tantrum, he demands that we rush over to the dispensary before it closes so he can get more weed. I think I it’s absurd that he’s acting super rude while asking for someone to do a favor for him. His med card expired so yeah illegal. And we get in an argument,  I say he’s a manipulative lowlife who does nothing but trash the house yet somehow try to act superior and should have been kicked out years ago. And it comes form experience, my sophomore year we were homeless for weeks because we got evicted after he was caught on camera smoking in the parking lot of our federally controlled apartments. My mother’s response, I have no right to criticize him because I have my own problems, those include not having a drivers license, not having a clean room,and taking leave from work. Its an absurd comparison, he got caught selling meth less then a month prior, a few years ago he threw our pregnant sister hard as shit into a dresser. But that gives him a foot in, and it justifies everything he’s done and he tries to start a “who’s a bigger looser” competition. He stars saying really dumb shit  like “I graduated before you” because he claimed to get his GED but never got the paper a year before I actually graduated on time? At this point, I’m completely pissed. I tell my mom she’s a pushover and an enabler, as horrible as are father was at least I know my brother feared him and would never talk to him that way. He starts puffing his chest spouting off about how “nobody disrespect me” that’s pathetic, respect is earned, I tell him to prove he’s not a failure, stop just talking shit, get out and get your life together or throw a fucking punch.  Now the blame rest squarely on me because I escalated, and am not ok with just sitting by complacent. I have to worry about my own shit.  So I’m curious, how am I the asshole? I’m sure that’s a bias retelling but everything i said is true. I think they just assume  it’s a petty grudge, because yeah I’ve hated his guts my entire life. He bullied me constantly and is the main reason I never came out to my family. But I don’t care about that, it’s so much bigger. I’ve been honest, because  I know she’ll never force him to get a job or ever move out I’ll probably never see any of them again. I would move out asap it just sucks because i know I would have to quit school to get a job enough to pay rent anywhere near the city, tuition is expensive.
e8ca1n	***^(Quick back story :)***  **Micheal...**..My best friend (ex best friend actually) is a person who IMO , leeches off other people. He wouldn't be in a relationship/friendship with anyone unless it benefits him(mostly financially). over the years I've spent money on him for this and that, done favors for him..etc without expecting anything.....One time **he offered** to drop me to airport for cuz i was going home for vacation and after dropping me , he asked me to pay him for gas money..for an 8 minute trip..:(   but I've kinda overlooked this aspect of him using other people and just treated him as my best friend.  **The story:**  so......we had an event.. that me , him and his much older sugar mommy was gonna attend. so on the day prior to the event we went to do some shopping.   as usual he said he didn't have money and I bought him one full outfit and some other accessories. (even though I fully knew he was never gonna pay me back).   The next day we were at his house and was about to take a 1.5 hour drive to the event. Suddenly a delivery guy came in to deliver a **nicotine vape** that he purchased online. it was a cash on delivery order so again as usual he claimed he didn't have money and asked his sugar mommy to pay the delivery guy. sugar mommy said to me earlier that she doesn't have cash to "pay for such shit" she hated the idea for paying for his vaping habits. (she already pays for his rental car and what not).  so naturally he turns to me and asks me to pay the delivery guy.  I'm not a smoker and I have never supported his smoking habits. Ive always tried to get him out of smoking. Plus I really didn't want to pay for anymore stuff at that time..so i declined to pay. Then he got super angry and told me (**are you done with your high horse attitude? and etc**). he also said that I should be okay paying for that because he is taking me with him to the event.  needless to say that the 1.5hour drive to the event was very silent and awkward. on the way, in retaliation, he asked me to pay for the gas at the gas station( even though he still owes me so much including the stuff i had bought him the previous day). i declined to pay and told him that since he owes me , he should deduct the gas money from it. After we gas up the car , he also asked me to go to the back of the car and asked his sugar mommy to come to front ( which never happens cuz as his best friend i'm always the co-pilot and the DJ )  so we went to the event and I told him that he does not have to pay me what he owes me and to consider that money as a payment for taking me with him to the event. To which he replied with ..”don't worry I wont pay”..(by that time I had decided that I don't want him in my life anymore). All of such similar incidents in the past came in to my mind and that helped my decision.  So i feel like i don't need a friend who would treat me differently just because I don't buy him stuff or act the way he wants. to me it feels like that friendship comes at a price.  Am I the asshole?  EDIT : i see that some of you are thinking that this is a validation post. But this is exactly how it happened and everything is true. Maybe it feels a bit partial as im also typing with some negative feelings about him in my mind. But then again i think all posts here are like that. But if there are any questions, please ask i will answer all honestly
e8c1em	On Saturday, my SIL was having her baby shower (my bros first kid!). I arrive first and soon after my cousin S arrives. I am happily chatting with her, my aunt C shows up at the same time as my other cousin H comes in. We are all just hanging out, catching up as we don't see each other too often anymore. H mentions having surgery coming up and I ask about it.  H: "Well, S knows ALL about it, but since you can't be bothered to show up to anything, YOU wouldn't know"  Me: I just look at her like WTF?  H: "You don't even show up at your moms house for Thanksgiving breakfast?! I was hoping to run into you there!"  Me: "That is a tradition for my mom and bro, I think I may have shown up one year because we were doing dinner with hubby's family."  H: "And you really pissed me off on Halloween."  (There was NO formal plan for Halloween. I asked on FB if S would mind us parking in her driveway so we could trick or treat her neighborhood and she said cool. H never mentioned that she would be there)  Me: "WTH do you mean? We were only there to trick or treat with (8 yo son). It isn't my fault you guys showed up earlier than us, and started in the opposite direction." (We did run into each other, but son didn't want to turn around and hit the houses we JUST did) "Besides, we literally finished that street and son was DONE."  H: "You just can't be bothered? You have changed since you had a kid."  Me: "Wow...you have some nerve. What about all the birthday parties for son that I put serious cash into, with you saying of course we will be there, and then only one kid on hubby's side shows up! That is why I stopped doing all the planned parties and just say, We are going to be at X from this time to this time if anyone wants to show"  (Side note: my family sucks at planning things...I will plan something like 2-3 months in advance, send out RSVP's, and continue to remind you when things are coming up....everyone else is like, Birthday party tomorrow!)  Maybe 20 minutes later Aunt C asked if I was going to Uncle J's house for his annual Ugly Sweater party.  Me: "I don't go to those parties." I don't say it outright, but everyone knows that I HATE my cousin T, J's daughter, S's sister. I purposely avoid things I know she will be at because I don't want to go to jail over her stupid ass. H makes a snide comment but I don't hear exactly what she said.  Me: I raise my voice so at least my family can hear me "You know what? I don't know who cares, but we will NOT be going anywhere for Xmas. If you want to see us, you can come over" and then I sit my ass down and chill until the party ended.  H and I used to be close, we are only 3 months apart in age, but I have never agreed with a lot of things that she did/does, so when I had my own kid, I did drift apart from her. I don't even feel that bad about it, because my family sucks out loud. I really only care to see my mom and my brother...the rest can suck eggs.
e8bmjq	For context, I’m in college and am one of the few of my friends to have a car, but since campus parking spots are very expensive, I’m paying a friend and her roommates to park my car in their driveway for MUCH cheaper. However, I they live several blocks away from campus, and walking through my town at night is not the best idea.  Two nights ago, my friends and I were drinking alcohol that I had provided for them, and hadn’t asked them to pay for. At some point, I cut them off because: A) I didn’t want them to get too drunk, and B) I wanted to save some of the bottle for my upcoming week. There was about a quarter of the bottle left, but when I left to use the bathroom, they finished it. I chewed them out about it for a while, since without me they would never be able to drink, and because I paid for the bottle and the drinking game we were playing.  Fast forward to last night, they both contacted me about driving them to the hospital. I said yes at first, and walked a couple blocks off campus to get my car before driving them. I had a final exam the next day and instead of studying for it like I wanted to, I felt obligated to take them. I did. One of them had hit her head and the doctors were concerned about a bleed, and asked me to stay with her and wake her up every four hours as a caution. My other friend had busted her knee and thought that two pins she had from an earlier procedure had been knocked out of place.   I took them both home, and about two hours later the girl with the messed up knee knocked on my door and asked me to take her to the hospital. I said no for several reasons, being that I had a final exam the next day, I didn’t want to walk to get my car again, and that none of this would have happened if she listened when I cut her off. I also refused to wake my friend up every four hours.  I initially felt very secure in my decision, but a couple of my friends have said I should have helped them I matter what, so I’ve been overthinking it and wondering whether I’m actually the asshole here.  EDIT: there was some needed clarification as I’m looking through the comments. I ended up talking to the girl’s RA about waking her up every four hours, and she agreed to do it.
e87lcf	I (20F) got a boob job back in summer. I know you might think I’m too young for that but I didn’t like my 32A’s and had the means to change it. One of my best friends (20F) from K-12 and I still live fairly close to each other and hang out about once a month. For context, her and I have similar body types. I’m around 5’7” and 110 lbs, while she is a tiny bit shorter and a tiny bit heavier with boobs ever so slightly bigger than my natural ones. She never seemed insecure about any part of her body and was supportive of my boob job from the time I brought up the idea until a month after surgery.    Afterwards, she has been sneaking in a snide remark or two masked in a playful tone each time we met. She has said things like “you’re so lucky to have parents who pay for everything: your car, your rent, your tuition, and your fucking boob job.” I said “you’re right, I am super fortunate.” She has also said things like “they look like they’re about to pop l.o.l.” I said “yeah, I hope they drop and fluff soon.” The first few times, I thought they were just normal friendly banter since she has always been kind of catty. But recently, I noticed that no one else besides her, not even my other close friends and catty friends, have made those types of comments. So I suspected jealousy was in play.    Yesterday when we met, she asked me if she could see how they are coming along. I was wearing a tube top underneath my denim jacket so I unbuttoned my jacket for her. She said again in her same playful yet snide tone “wow they still look like grapefruits l.o.l.” Yeah, they haven’t dropped and fluffed much yet, but they’re not even the size of small grapefruits. I told her “maybe you should get a boob job yourself if you’re so insecure.” She said “how the hell am I insecure?” I said “why in the world would you be putting me down all the time if you weren’t trying to make yourself feel better about having small boobs?” She said “sis, ain’t nobody jealous of your rock hard boobies.” I said “then try showing you’re not a jealous hater by not talking about them anymore.” She said “calm your tits girl, we good?” I was adamant about not talking about my boobs with her anymore, so I didn’t even acknowledge her last line and asked her something unrelated. We managed to get through the rest of the meeting without any mention of anyone’s boobs. Hopefully that sticks. I’ve been contemplating if I handled this the right way ever since that interaction.
e86l3s	So I have a son and a wife, and we are an atheist family. My neighbor is a Southern Baptist, a serious bigot, he is the type to stand outside and say you're going to hell for being gay. Well, his son invited my son to church, and his wife was playing a Christian song, LOUDLY, like the entire neighborhood can hear it. So I got out my old collection of heavy metal CDs, one song I actually made myself with a couple of old high school friends, that has some explicit anti-establishment/religious themes. I simply turned it up about as loud as they were playing their songs, and they predictably, got all in my face about it. I wouldn't be asking this question if my wife didn't say that what I did was clearly wrong, so Reddit AITA?  Edit: I've thought it over with my wife, and we asked our son if he wanted to to church, and he said he did, Since I acted like a child here, tomorrow, I'm going to go and speak with my neighbor and apologize to him personally, as well as we are all gonna go to church with them next week, maybe my son will enjoy it, my wife is happy with this, and maybe I'll meet some new people to hang out with, I'm not particularly concerned about them "converting" my son, since he can think for himself, if he chooses to be a Christian, then I don't particularly care.. I also think this may allow us to find common ground with our neighbors, as well as maybe grow closer together, and make amends. Second, it has come to my attention that there was a post very similar to mine from a religous perspective, I don't know what to really tell you, there isn't any way to prove to you all that that poster isn't me, however, will say that I have behaved respectfully, which is in stark contrast to the way they acted, they also openly admitted to posting purely to get a rise out of people, I haven't.
e86dzq	I work in a financial services company (in Australia) and recently my colleagues have been discussing salaries to see if everyone's paid fairly.  It's a medium sized company and we have \~500 people across Australia.  The average pay for my job is $120k and the others are paid approximately that, however I am paid significantly more by virtue of knowing a couple people in HR and in management.  I also went to Yale for undergrad, and ICMS in Sydney for postgrad while my co worker have all gone to local universities.  Anyways, when I was asked how much I was being paid, I gave a similar number to the average pay because I was told by my friend at HR that if the other employee's kicked up a fuss about my salary, I'd be taking a pay cut.  And as much as I don't like to admit it, I don't want to take a salary cut because I'm still paying off my student loans & giving money to my parents occasionally (because I'm Asian).  So AITA for lying about my salary to by colleagues so I don't take a pay cut?  I'm happy to answer any questions for clarification or more info.  EDIT: Am using a throwaway because the people I work with know my reddit
e85rat	Been married seven years. I'm 35M, she's 34F. We have one daughter 5F and one son 9moM. For more context about our family: I make a lot of money. My wife is unemployed and has been unemployed since we met. The house is mine, the two cars are mine, etc. I mean, they're both of ours, but I purchased them for the family.  My wife decided to spring onto me two weeks ago that she wants to explore a polyromantic relationship. She has no one in mind but is excited about the potential and asks if I'm up for it. My answer is a resounding no because I agreed to monogamy when we married. We actively discussed this beforehand, too, and I thought we were on the same page.  This is where I may be the asshole: my wife has zero bargaining power here. To put it very bluntly, she doesn't make enough money to make this kind of suggestion or demand. She has said me not accepting her polyromanticism is putting our relationship into jeopardy and while I may lose a lot in a divorce or separation, she's 34 with no degree, no job prospects, no ambition to be honest. Her life would be hard, even with alimony. Mine would not, nor would our children.  I won't budge and it seems like she won't budge. No amount of discussion has resolved this, we're both set in our ways. It looks like separation is on the horizon.  All it would take is for me to accept things and our family remains whole, but I won't. Our family will break apart because we can't come to an agreement. Our children will go to-and-fro between two homes, maybe many stepparents. I feel for our children but I have to stick by my own principles, right?  AITA?
e85o87	Me (20M) and my two roommates, (20M, 19F) I’ll call M and K, have lived together since September 2018. We’ve usually gotten along pretty well and have all known each other for several years. M and K have been dating for several years as well. Back in our old apartment dishes would constantly be piling up. They would blame me and our old roommate and force us to literally do all the dishes (even if 99% of the dishes weren’t even ours). If we refused it would turn into ginormous arguments. I was so sick of it.    Flash forward to Summer 2019, we moved into a bigger house that we were all renting. I DON’T cook at all. I spend most of my time at work and sleeping in my bed when I’m not working. (Or out partying). K and M do cook and made a LOT of dishes. It piled up in our new sink and they literally just... left it there... for over a month. Our house got infested with fruit flies and it was absolutely disgusting. I would bring it up to them and they’d do nothing about it.   One time we were having a huge party and they were so lazy, that instead of doing all the dishes in the sink they threw them all in the spare room till the party was over. I was shocked.   Flash foreword to early November. K and M are moving out together but they left a couple dishes in the sink. They messaged the group chat and said they were coming to get their dishes and that they better be clean. I told them I didn’t dirty any of those dishes and I REFUSE to clean someone else’s dishes. Then I told them to clean their garbage outside (they had a shit ton of litter just laying around that would fall from their bedroom window).   K was so pissed that I didn’t do any of THEIR dishes and she left one final warning. Something along the lines of “my dishes BETTER be clean tomorrow cause I’m coming to get them”. At THIS moment I walk outside and I still see her fucking empty bottles laying outside. I was FURIOUS, grabbed 70% of her dirty dishes, cleaned the other 30% and THREW them into the woods. Some of these dishes were EXPENSIVE. But I don’t give a FUCK.  Should I have just sucked it up and did their dishes? Or was I in the right for throwing them out instead?  Edit: grammar and spelling errors
e84zl0	My best friend is 24 years old, still lives at home, and has no job nor has she kept one for longer than 3 days. Every week she will call me crying, telling me about another break up she has said and I always tell her to stop worrying about guys and grow the hell up! She was engaged to a guy she has never met after they dated for 5 days. She always tells me I need to be supportive of her life choices but Jesus, when does it end?
e84x7a	Throwaway for obvious reasons.  L and I broke up 4 months ago after an 8 month long relationship. We met in the summer after senior year, before we both started attending the same uni, and became instant friends. Before we dated, he was my best friend on campus. We hung out every single day, etc. We caught feelings for eachother after half a year of friendship and started dating, fell in love, fell out of love, and broke up (after a bit of off and on where we each got to dump eachother). He's a genuinely really great, really caring person, but we both brought out the worst in eachother when we dated. As such, I have zero feelings for him now and vice versa.   Dealing with L has always been personally confusing because he has much looser boundaries than me. He's a really open, physical person, and is like that around everyone (whether he finds them hot or not). He's cuddled with everyone he knows, and I've even seen him kiss friends as a joke. I'm the opposite; my parents were really conservative, and I wasn't allowed to even be alone in the same room with a man until I cut contact at 18 (I'm 20 at the moment). I've gotten a lot more comfortable with finding my own boundaries since then, but I still tend to let other people set the pace.    Despite the breakup, L and I stayed pretty close. He even gave me relationship advice when I started dating someone new (it didn't work out, but we're still on good terms). Shortly after that, L started dating his current girlfriend. I don't know her that well, but I've heard a lot of good things.    Last night, I went over to L's dorm to hangout with him and his four roommates. We ended up watching a hockey game on his couch and the conversation turned to relationships. I mentioned that I was jealous of what he has with his girlfriend, because they seem really good together. He started talking about how he's worried about their relationship because he feels like he doesn't get to spend enough time with her.   He put his head on my shoulder, and I figured the conversation was clearly platonic enough for that not to be an issue. The conversation kept going, and he ended up laying his head in my lap. Eventually, it transitioned to full on cuddling; I was laying on him, and he was hugging me. I asked if his girlfriend would be comfortable with what we were doing. He said she was ok with him cuddling with friends, and knew that we were friends who hung out. I asked him to ask her directly if she was comfortable with us specifically cuddling platonically, but I didn't shift positions. It felt nice in a non-romantic way, and I decided that his boundaries were his responsibility anyway.    In retrospect, though, I feel like maybe I was wrong. I don't want to be a bad person, and I feel like cuddling with him was a dick move towards his gf.   AITA?   Edit: To be clear, the cuddling wasn't something I tried to keep secret because I didn't think there was anything wrong with it at the time. We cuddled as friends pre-relationship, and he said point blank his gf was ok with it. It genuinely didn't register as a romantic thing to me or I wouldn't have done it.
e84k6t	I forgot to finish the title so I'm reposting this lol.   I am the type of person that cares about anyone that I believe actually cares about me and I rarely get angry and I will do pretty much anything they ask me to. My friend doesn't have much money and couldn't afford an uber so he asked me to give him a ride to a movie theater so he could see something with his girlfriend, so I agreed to.  In the beginning everything was fine, I met him at his house, dropped him off at around 1230 and then headed back home.  The problem came when I was picking him up. He agreed to meet me at 1705 so I get to the theater, park, and wait for him. It gets to 1710 and I still don't see him so I call him 3 times and he just sends me straight to voicemail. It rang about two times and then went straight to voicemail so I knew his phone was on and he was purposefully ignoring my calls. Instead of doing what any sane person would do and just leave, I waited for 20 minutes just to get a call from him asking where I was and that he was waiting for me. It didn't help that his excuse was the movie was longer than he thought. He watched a 2.5 hour movie. He got there at 1230 and he left at 1720. I just kept everything to myself and drove him to the place I work at(I work at a parkour gym) because he wanted to stop by a train a little bit and I had to work, so it worked out. He made me a little late, but luckily my boss was chill and didn't even notice/care.  When my shift was over and I was cleaning up he sat down watching me saying, "hurry up, let's go, I'm hungry".  I wasn't in the mood to deal with him and remembered that he made me wait for him so I stayed there for an extra 30 minutes talking to people making him wait for me as I was the only way he had to get back to his house. I then turned a 10 minute drive into a 25 minute one.  I drove mostly in neighborhoods and it was late at night so no one else was on the road with me which made it possible for me to do that.    He didn't care that he made me late or wait for him, but when he was hungry and I made him wait for me he seemed to care a lot. Afterwards he called me an asshole for doing that so I just wanted to see what you all think.
e83khg	(Telling my downstairs neighbor is more of a hypothetical than anything)  A bit of context: I live in a duplex house (two floors that are also apartments, two front doors, etc.) My family and I live on the top floor and we moved here a little over a year ago. The downstairs neighbor's family consists of her (mid 20s early 30s), her two bio kids (13M and 7F) her boyfriend (same age as her roughly) and his bio kid (4M).   The one thing that would make me feel like an asshole if I did mention something is because they put up with our dog barking 24/7. They recently just got a dog, so we here their dog as well, although we mind it as it isn't too loud except when he's left home alone (he whines a lot). They also put up with me (15F) for being a moody teenager on occasion and stomping and slamming doors when I get mad. So there is a lot of noise on both parts.  Since the downstairs neighbor's daughter is 7 and her boyfriend's son is 4 I understand kids will be kids and run around, stomp, scream, etc. I'm ok with it, as like I mentioned, kids will be kids. The downstairs neighbor and her boyfriend also scold their kids, a lot of yelling on her part at her son, who causes them some trouble, as well as her daughter. I often tell myself that this is ok from 7 AM, the time the younger kids wake up, to 8 PM, the time the younger kids go to bed. I wake up at 7 most days, so that one isn't a problem.  The problem comes in on practice nights for me (winter guard, 6-9 PM Tuesdays and Thursdays) when I come home from practice. Sometimes when I come home they're still running around and on occasion screaming. Not too loud, but loud enough to hear through our floor. I'm often tired after these practices, but don't mention anything because my mom says not to. I let it go that night and go to bed.  The one time this has really been a problem, and why I'm making this post, is when I came home one night from practice exhausted to her screaming at her kids. I don't mean her just raising her voice, I mean *screaming.* It took me a while to go upstairs because yelling as an effect on me that makes me freeze like a deer caught in headlights, so I was listening to a lot of her screaming. When I made it into my apartment I could still hear her and her daughter arguing back. It went on for a couple of minutes after I initially walked into the back door. As the aforementioned effect yelling has on me, it took me some time to calm down, as I was tired from practice and freaked out from the screaming.   Her yelling at her kids isn't anything new and we often hear it. My mom has mentioned that if she didn't know the neighbors prior to moving in she would have made multiple complaints to them and/or the landlord.   So WIBTA if in this hypothetical I mentioned something to them or had my mom mention something to them?
e83eeu	 This is some background:   So my and my boyfriend have been together for 4 about to be 5 years. When I first met him his room was a horrifying mess, it had an old fat heavy tv and legos all ove the place and two desks, and a kids train table. I finally go through to him on cleaning up the place two years ago but we couldn't get rid of the desks, tv, and the train table. About a month ago we emptied out one of the desks so he can do work on it and I put some perfumes and lotion on it because I didn't have anywhere to put it. (The other table had a keyboard on it)  So yesterday we were finally able to get rid of the train table, ancient tv, and one of the the two desks. (Legos are stored in a big bin so don't worry!) I basically was the one to push him for us to do all of this.   Now this is where the conflict begins. So since we finally decluttered the room and moved things around, now we have this lovely desk that we can use for various things. My boyfriend finished his homework and so I decided hey I kinda want to do my makeup because now the lighting is good on the desk (before I would do it on a shitty plastic turn table that would get loose and sometimes my makeup would fall because of it, which can cause it to break) and so I metioned that I was gonna do some make up on it. He said no that he didn't want me to do it on that desk because he doesn't want me to dirt it and use it for that stuff, he only wants it for school work. (He literally just finished dirtying it with potato chips and pizza grease which triggered me) I honestly felt butthurt over it because I thought we shared this room equally and I always pick up after myself. Honestly thanks to me we even did any of this because he would have never done anything, the room would have been the same shitty mess it was when I first ever stepped in. So basically I called him selfish and said that it's unfair because I helped him do all of this and I just simply want to do my makeup on the table that I CLEANED AND ORGANIZED for the two of us!!!(I mentiomed that the shitty plastic table falls on me and hurts my back because it's much smaller than me) He still didn't give a fuck and so I told him I'm not helping him with anything else because since we can't share anything in the room then I'm not sharing my part of cleaning and making sure things are tidy. So AITA for wanting to do makeup on the desk that I cleaned and organized for me and my boyfriend.   If any info is needed let me know.
e82r8c	Fade in... Steak and Shake. Black Friday; late night.  I had just finished up at the mall, supervising a group of 5 - my younger brothers and our niece.  We were seated and eating our dinner. After waiting \~45 minutes for the food, we were only halfway through the meal; however, spying the cashier at the register, I decided to pay early to expedite the stop and get home at a slightly reasonable hour. The atmosphere was hurried in the restaurant, and there were several large groups waiting to be seated. I noticed two large groups of teenagers speaking amoungst themselves. I also noticed a middle-aged couple and a younger (at least 20) woman, waiting silently. The employees were all busy, manning the drive-through and bussing tables as quickly as they could due to the influx of mall traffic as sales carried on in the distance.  As I waited in line to pay, I couldn't help but overhear the conversations behind me. Although not trying to eavesdrop, I overheard the two groups of teenagers chat back and forth a little before deciding to group up for faster seating, despite not having met each other before. Pretty cool idea.  I paid and returned to my table to eat my burger. As I sat back down, the group of teenagers were seated at a table to my right, now numbering roughly 12-14 in total. I overheard their banter and heard a few curse words being used.  Around 2 minutes later, the group of 3 were also seated in our section, directly beside the large group of teens. I was happily enjoying my burger when I heard the middle-aged lady raise her voice to the teens, telling the group of teens off about their language.  Admittedly I agree with her, but I was taken aback by the situation - here's this \~40 year old lady acting condescending and nasty to the teens.  After hearing her go off for a minute, I turned to the table, smiled and said, "We don't f\*\*\*ing care." (gesturing toward myself and my family)  The teens erupted with laughter, and the lady's face turned bright red. The teens invited us to join them, but I passed up on the offer as we were ready to leave.  In my opinion, she was bullying the teens. I know that most adults curse in public from time-to-time, especially when enjoying a meal with friends, and I don't see how this is any different. I know that she wasn't happy about them cursing, but I feel like she should have handled it better - either by maturely requesting another table, or by biting her tongue (simple fact of the matter here is that we were in public). Along with that, the lack of tact on trying to convince the group that what they were doing was against the law infuriated me - we were in a private business with no signs stating that 'vulgar language' would not be tolerated, and the employees were never involved. The curse words they used were meant as expletives to enhance their points, and they never used them as adjectives towards others.  I know I could have handled it differently, but Reddit...AM I THE ASSHOLE? o.o
e82gkw	Hello everyone. This is going to be a long one so you better not be in the toilet. Okay so i am 21 and currently living in spain. I met my girlfriend (22yrs) 3 years ago when i was doing my BA. We studied together for 3 years and graduated together. Now,  i love her and she says she loves me too. In reality, she is nice, beautiful and shy, Really shy (at least when i am with her). If you told her to jump off a cliff she would do it just because she is too shy to disagree with you. Now  i know Am not an expert on human behaviour, but that's how i processed it (trust me on this one). . However, when chatting, she becomes a totally different person. She gives me that "Hardcore i don't give a fuck about the world" attitude excessively.  So far so good. Now as i aforementioned, i am living in spain now. I moved here to do my MA and she dropped out. She told me that she isn't doing anything  Just chillaxing at her parents house, no school, no job, nothing. This year has witnessed a huge change in our relationship. BTW she can't come and visit me cuz of Visa bullshit and i honestly haven't got the time nor the financial resources to break a visit. I haven't even seen my own mother to give you a glimpse of the situation. So as i was saying, we no longer can see each other instead we just chatt.  Now here is when things  get messed up. Since i moved, whenever we chat, and almost like on every 3 sentences she writes, she calls me all sorts of names. Anything... you name it :Asshole, bitch, hoe, fucker, stupid, dumb.... Now it's not like we are fighting. She just throws the names like constantly. Remember the Dark humor and hardcore attitude?  She probably think it's cute or whatever. To be fair, i don't like it. I am not offended by it, but i don't like it. I have told her not to do it many times,  sometimes in an indirect way like for example " why can't you be nicer?" Or in a more direct way " STOP IT WITH THE NAMES". Accordingly. she would slow down after i make those comments and i honestly thought that she got the message. THINK AGAIN BOY. Two days ago, i had enough. Here is what i said:  Me: hey bae, how was your week?. She: boring. You?.  Me: as usual. How are you ?. She: fine. She: bitch. Me: okay i think we need to get serious for a moment here if you don't mind. You need to stop it with the names.  She: what, why....i thought you liked it hoe?. Me: who the fk likes to be called names. Honestly it's disgusting. Now i don't wanna hurt your feelings but you need to grow the fk up already. This is not you so stop it it with the fake hardcore shit. It's stupid and appalling.  **i snapped i know** She: fuck off. Me: please take this seriously. I have told you before to stop it and this is the end of the line for me. I got enough negativity in my life and you don't need to make it worse.  * nothing from her so far* End. Let me know your opinions.
e82bkb	repost from another sub  At my school, we do this thing called Friday Morning Show (FMS) where a group of students put on a production full of announcements, fundraisers, and class acts. The largest and most anticipated by the students part of this show is the teacher feature. This is where a student interviewer has a session with a new teacher at the school, and the questions are really funny and serious at the same time. The students who produce it are also in the FMS class on Tuesdays and Thursdays.  This particular Thursday, we were all ready for a show the next day and everyone is off task just doing other work or talking to people. I accidentally AirDrop a picture of a TV character to another person that I meant to send to my friend right next to me. Not a Hentai character, or any sort of malicious content; it was Squidward, if you must know. This person told the teacher about it, and I apologized, saying it was an accident.   A few days later, my mom and I get an e-mail saying I've been kicked out of the class for this reason and only this reason. I was also told via e-mail that I would not be officially removed from the class and in a new class until the next semester in the new year. I'm very upset at first, then devise a plan.  I was in charge of the Teacher Feature for the next FMS. I'm already finished, because of the down time I had over Thanksgiving break, and decide to delete it. Then I realize they would have time to fix it up before the show. So the next day at school, I pretend to have lost it somehow and promise to redo it. The day before the show, I say I'm already half done, and say I will finish it that night and put it on a USB stick that night to be played at the next show.  The morning of the show comes around, and I'm still in bed. I have no intention of going to school until after the show is over (it's the first thing of the day). When I go to Debate class with the FMS teacher, she chews me out for not showing up and not being able to give them the Teacher Feature. When she asks why I wasn't there, I look at her with a big shit eating grin on my face and say in my cutest little girl voice: "I felt sick \*cough\*"  TL;DR - I got kicked from a class for a stupid reason, they still wanted me to do work until the end of the semester, so I screwed over their presentation in front of the whole school  So Reddit, AITA?
e81wwm	I’m the oldest of two sisters. I have a job, my sister has a job and my youngest sister is still studying. We have been doing secret Santa between the three of us for years, and since my youngest sister is not earning, the price limit it 20$.  Now I owe the middle sister around 30-40$ from a few weeks ago. I told her I’d buy her shoes which she bought for herself and I said I would pay her back but I have not got around to it.  Today she messages me out of nowhere saying “heeey so Im thinking of just getting you to buy me a more expensive gift of around 70$ because you still haven’t paid me the money”  This annoyed me. I feel like it’s unfair for my other sister and I l, who will both get 20$ gifts. I feel like there is something sly abound it too.   Now she’s pissed and acting passive aggressive that I said no. AITA?
e81ls4	We're both late 20s and have been "together" for 5 years. We've dealt with things like depression, unemployment, alcoholism, etc which cause us to break up and get back together a lot. We see each other every 2-3 weeks, but we text and talk on the phone at least twice a day.   We made plans for last weekend. I would come over and spend the night, then in the morning we’d watch the newest ep of an anime we both enjoy and then spend the day together at the mall.   That night, I came over and received zero affection from him. He texted me all week saying he wants to hold my hand, but when we went to get food he didn’t try to hold it at all. We watched Chopped and I was leaning against/around him on the bed, touching his shoulder a bit, etc. He didn’t reciprocate. After that all he wanted to do was show off his new $1.5k computer. He insisted I play Resident Evil, so I did for 10 minutes or so. Then I moved back to the bed thinking he’d at least put on a game that I wanted to play too. But he didn’t. He kept obsessing over the damn graphics, and started playing a game solo. I took out my laptop and BSed for a while before saying I was tired. It was about 10:30p. He said ok and after another 20 mins he got into bed next to me. Didn’t try to touch or cuddle me or anything. Just went on his phone to play another game.   After about another 20 mins I put my laptop away and turned over onto my side, told him goodnight. He kissed me once on the forehead then kept playing on his phone. Saddened, I fell asleep. I woke up 2 hours later; he was still on his phone. When  was ready to sleep he started to wrap his arms around me but because he had been on top of the blanket in front of the fan his body was freezing so I pushed him away.   I felt so sad and unwanted that I decided I didn’t want to hang out with him the next day. So I purposely stayed sleeping when he tried to wake me up. I finally got up around 11. He asked if we’re still going out and I told him no. He asked why and I told him all of the above. We argued and I left.  By now you’re all probably ready to call me TA bc I never tried to initiate anything with him. But he has told me in the past that he sometimes felt pressured into sex with me so now I’m overly cautious when it comes to making a move on him. We’ve talked openly about it, so he knows I’m hesitant to initiate.   I don’t hold the same toxic viewpoints about sex as I had before, but I think a little affection from the man whose bed you’re sleeping in that night isn’t too much to ask for? He knows that physical touch is my love language—again, we’ve talked about it many times.   I know I should have spoken up. But I want him to *want* to hold my hand and kiss me on the lips at least once when we’re spending the night together. It feels like he doesn’t want to, and I wish he would just say it so we can stop wasting each other’s time.   So, AITA?
e81duk	I lost it and wanted to see if I was the A-hole.    I was in my car, in a parking lot waiting for cars to clear from in front of me. There’s a person backing out, I don’t notice them as they are behind me. As they back out they hit my car.   I get out to exchange info. The first he says, there’s no damage. I look and there is a little bit. I tell them I want to get it fixed using insurance and take a picture of their license plate. At this point he says, let’s do this privately. I decline and ask for insurance papers. He starts to tell me no, I ask him again, still no. I start to get upset and raise my voice. I ask him a third time, reluctantly he gets the papers and says I’m not taking responsibility for this - “It’s your fault as you were backing up.”   Now I’m mad, tell him he’s lying and call him an asshole. The continues to say that it was my fault, at this point I get in my car and yell at him to fuck off.   AITA for getting so mad?
e80r56	We are first generation immigrants who are not Christians. I have a three year old toddler and we live in America.   My family had been pressuring me to put up a Christmas tree for last month or so. I did not want to start that tradition with my kid since it seems very Christian to me and the kid can go see Christmas trees anywhere right now.    After the last round of discussion on the topic, I told my family to drop it. This morning when I came back from market, I noticed a giant tree put up and decorated. Apparently, my in-laws and husband decided to just do it and surprise the kid with it. My kid is very excited and loves the tree.   I on the other hand, am furious. I feel it was very disrespectful to do that in my house without considering what I wanted. So, am I the asshole ?  Edit: one of the main reasons I didn’t want a tree in my house was it is not a part of my culture. We just celebrated a couple of huge festivals and I did decorate and put up stuff for it.
e80cz0	Would I be the asshole for telling my roommate to be more discreet with her vibrator. Two days ago I woke up to her telling me she just had the best shower then I go to use the bathroom later and her vibrator is just sitting on the floor of the bottom of the shower. I was a little grossed out but I was like okay maybe she forgot and then just waited for her to notice and it was still there this morning. I refused to take a shower those two days till she moves it, like I don't wanna touch that thing. But she just got out of the shower just now and I went to check and ITS STILL THERE just in a different spot! Now it's on the soap bar thing. Like I know everyone masterbates and good for her I don't care but at least have some decency to not put your vibrator where I usually put my soap bar? Is it just me or is that gross? I don't know where to go from here, she's my friend but we don't talk about this stuff and I don't wanna seem like a dick.  edit: i ended up telling her she left her personal item in the shower, she apologized and went and moved it, its all good now
e7zo1c	 Yesterday me and my ex went out for drinks and we both got trashed. We left the bar around 10pm and she had to get up 3am to work at 4am.  My house was closer than hers so I told her she should sleep over and she could shower and I would take our dog back to her place in the AM before I started work. She got to my place showered and got in bed. I set her alarm for 3:00, 3:15, and 3:30. I was wasted and didn’t hear any of the alarms ring, she did and she ended up turning them off. I woke up at 8am and saw her still in bed and I woke her up to ask about her job. She stated that she called in sick and went back to sleep. She called me right now saying they fired her and I feel terrible. I was begging her to stay at the bar for longer last night and I kept buying her drinks so we could stay. I feel like her getting fired is my fault. Had I not convinced her to go out drinking she would still have a job. She’s been job hopping all year (which is part of the reason we broke up) and finally landed this really solid job 3 months ago and now she’a fired. So AMITA???
e7yr9e	Amy (19) and I have never gotten along well but what she did recently took the cake.  I have followed a strict vegan diet for 12 years now, it's something very important to me & Amy is not unaware of this. Her father and her have lived with me in my house now for 2 years and she has never had a right attitude. Always rude and snide, ordering her father around and trying to do the same to me, she even smokes weed in the room I let her sleep in despite me asking numerous times to do that outside of the house. Brings nonveg food over and hides it in her room (a strict rule I had for them moving in was no meat in the house), laughs in my face if I try to make her stop.  Recently Amy and a group of her friends got high & thought it would be funny to replace all the stocks cubes in the house with beef ones. Cooked a stew and after eating it she pulls out an empty beef stock pack & laughs in my face asking if I liked the taste of cows and she guesses I'm just a regular murder now and can chill out.  Waited for her to leave, removed her stuff & texted her that she was evicted from my house & could go stay at her friends instead. My boyfriend is very upset and his ex gf is hitting up my phone with insults over disrupting Amy's life and schedule. I think after 2 years of disrespect I was too generous to begin with for not making her leave earlier.  AITA for this?
e7xl53	I work as a support worker and as part of the job we get meals at work. Me and another colleague were roasting a chicken for dinner (us and a service user). She carves the chicken and puts the bones and skin into a container, thinking she’s going to throw it out I tell her not to throw it and I’ll have it (love the skin). She’s not throwing it but taking it to her dog, I take it out and leave the bones for her dog. Feel a bit bad but her dog doesn’t work here.
e7x9oh	Context: I(23) live with my mother and sometimes my brother(27) when he's not at his girlfriends house. Feel like I should throw in, I have a job and I'm a full time student.   Yesterday all 4 of us were here at our house and my mom and brother said "we're going to x restaurant tomorrow for lunch" kind of in the way you tell a child they're doing something whether they like it or not. They do this to me a lot. That annoys me because I'm not a child and they never ask if I want to do things like this or if I have plans already. They just make the plans themselves and I have to roll with it. I hate where they're going, hate the food and I have other things I'd like to do tomorrow(today at this point) than waste more money on something I don't even like but I agreed because whatever, family outing.   Come around to this morning, its 11 AM and I usually eat lunch around this time because I wake up very early for work throughout the week. I waited 2 hours(now 1PM) for my mom to get home from working out, she gets home and instantly starts whining telling me to hurry up because she's hungry. She cant even wait 5 minutes for me to get ready, then my brother asks me to drive us in my car and at this point I'm just annoyed and say no this wasn't my idea and I don't even really want to go to begin with. He starts ranting off saying I'm such a fucking asshole, selfish and never do anything for anyone (he always does this if he doesn't get his way). After hearing that for a few minutes I just said "fuck it, I'm not going and I'm tired of hearing this shit" then my mom joins in on the situation. I tell them both to fuck off and go by themselves(well with his girlfriend too which is actually really sweet so I feel bad she has to hear shit like this). They continued insulting me pretty much as they slam door and here we are. Normally I feel like this wouldn't really be a big deal but after being in situations like this even through my adulthood, especially when it has to do with making decisions for me without asking, today I just wasn't having it.
e7wyy4	As you may know my relationship with my mother has been in the least amount of words, a fucking dumpster fire. So i have pretty much made up my mind that im going to live with my dad. But my entire family on my moms side seems to hate me because my mom screeches about me being a nightmare child and how im an "ungrateful spoiled brat". All i do is sit in my room away from her though i do fire back with words when she insults me or my family. (I have vids if anyone wants to see some  lmk and ill pm them to ya) so my moms side of the family is supporting her because she does nothing but bitch about me. My aunt even says her 4 year old granddaughter acts better than me. So im thinking of giving a big ol fuck you to them all and telling everyone on christmas day when theyre all around. So how much of a dick move would this be? Btw im 15. Also to throw more gasoline onto the dumpster im thinking if also saying im gay (im not but they really do not agree with homosexuality so it would piss them off/shock them more). Oh almost forgot to add she sat in a chair broke it fell on her arm and tore her rotator cup and cant use her right arm.  Tldr: my moms an ahole and i no longer see her as a mother and my moms side of the family is supporting her. So as a big "kiss my ass" im going to tell everyone on christmas that im going to live with my dad.  Edit: at dinner with my family and my grandma (grandma isnt involved in this mess) and my mom brought up the ok boomer thing and my aunt said how its rude and disrespectful so i hit her with an ok boomer. Shes mad.  Edit 2: ok im not gonna do the thing with saying im gay.e7vzbe	hello reddit.  my now ex gf and I lived together for about three years before she moved to teach ESL in South Korea and we did long distance.  I was in charge of managing the bills and originally I paid our electricity and water myself for the first year because she had put a lot of money into furnishing the apartment so I thought it was only fair.  but the last year when the AC season came around they obviously were much higher and she said she wanted to come in on it because i had probably paid her back over the two years and then some. we never calculated any exact figures.  sounds great. so we went 50/50 for the last year.  our last power bill was around $250. at the time we were still together and I knew she was very stressed out financially so I told her don’t worry about it, just pay me back when you can.  we broke up a few weeks later. that’s what I get.  a few weeks went by and I admittedly I grew a bit resentful.  so I reached out to my ex and told her that she still owed me for the last bill.  she was very confused, said this came out of nowhere, and that I was just bitter we had broken up. she also implied that she didn’t believe me and wanted to see the bill. I sent it to her.  then she said she did not feel responsible as she had given me some of her furniture in the move out for free and never expected me to pay for it. so she said, I’ll pay the power bill if you pay for all the free furniture I gave you.  i thought that was a very good point so I just dropped it.  but since then I have been wondering if this was really fair. the furniture I got from her she never paid for to begin with. it was not part of the furniture she bought for the apartment, it was very old.  so I’m wondering if I should die on this hill or just let it go.  AITA?  TL;DR - ex owes me for a power bill, she says she already essentially paid me with free furniture.