e8usna	I just started working and honestly I hate how much time I spend at work 9-10 hours a day. To top it off we have lunch together outside almost all days and it's awkward to refuse. To top this off they socialize outside office hours too. Which again eventually becomes really draining. This is costing me energy as well as financially a lot of money. I'm not sure if I should just suck it up or search for a new job. I'm worried this is all workplaces now. I'm a fresh grad so I feel like I'd like to be more economical with what I'm earning now. But itll just come across as antisocial.
e8ub2y	Some background, im a 16 year old high schooler that's in 11th grade (sophomore for Americans i believe) and in a private school, i recently got interested in laptops for school projects and some light gaming, so i asked my parents for one as a prize for graduation, and i will only buy it if i get a 85~90% on my finals  I don't even want anything expensive, i just want a cheap laptop for 500 bucks or less that can handle some light gaming, i have already talked about this 3 times with them, my mother says that i will be getting my license in the "near future"  Yeah that near future is in 2021, and im not promised a car either, and my dads excuse is that i won't have "time" this summer because of the courses I'll be attending, i want to pursue them more but i also don't wanna be a spoiled little sh*t, so Reddit, WIBTA ?
e8u9bq	So yes I probably already know the answer, especially because I'm only 15 and well, that almost immidiatelly means I'm just an edgy idiot, but I'm still asking this. I will probably tell my dad this if he goes overboard with his overprotectiveness even though I think I shouldn't because it seems like manipulation to me.  It was sort of accidental, I wasn't planning on saying it but I just decided to say it anyway because I wanted my mum to stop for a bit and think about what she and my dad are doing.  They'd not really that bad as parents, but they're confusing. They're very overprotective, but they sometimes yell at me for basically no reason, and then 5 minutes later they don't give a shit anymore and they act as if nothing happened.  I'll probably delete this soon but I think I'm an asshole for this.  Edit: Some more information. This wasn't actually because of one argument I had with them, it's more because of the way they're acting in general. I know I sound like an attention seeking retard for saying this but I'm actually scared to talk to them most of the time.
e8u4rh	My mother lives in Idaho, and I and my family live in Texas.   My in-laws also live here, and naturally get to see us and the kids far more often than my mother and her side of the family.   She also has a myriad of health complications that make it difficult to travel, and budgeting for the family to go to Idaho hasn't always been at the top of our list.   With that in mind, I really wanted to take my kids to visit this year, and figured their extended Winter break would be the best time to do it.   They've got  \~3 weeks or so from right before Christmas, until shortly after New Years.   I told my mom that I wanted to bring the kids out to visit during their Christmas break, and she was ecstatic and I said we'd discuss particular dates soon.    Well apparently to her, (and a handful of friends I discussed with afterwards) my phrasing implied we'd be coming there for Christmas, and told the rest of the family, and began making preparations and getting understandably excited.    We've already got commitments here  (a whole nother story I can explain if necessary) that make being in Texas for Christmas the most sensible thing to do.    I was thinking more along the lines of going out there the 26th or 27th and staying through New Years, but once I clarified, my mom was crushed and suggested if it wasn't for Christmas then maybe we could plan a different/better time.   She definitely wasn't trying to be petty, but had there not been any confusion I'm sure she would have loved to have us for the time I suggested.    So now we're not going, and I feel horrible, but also don't feel like I was misleading or that the confusion was my fault.   All of my friends disagree unanimously and say that "if you tell someone you're coming to visit for Christmas break, they will naturally assume you'll also be there for Christmas."   And while I agree that that's not a huge leap to make, I specifically didn't say "We'll be there for Christmas"  and it never occurred to me that it would be interpreted any other way.     &#x200B;  AITA?
e8u1wc	Hey everyone, so I (28M) have gone to church with my Mom every Christmas eve just the two of us, as my parents are divorced, and my sister is not interested/has plans with her in-laws that usually go throughout the night. I am not religious (never really was but had to go once a week growing up) but have always figured I can suck it up for an hour and sit and be bored, not a problem.   Now, my wife and I have started a little tradition where the night of Christmas Eve we have a nice dinner/drinks, and I would go to church after (used to start at 11, then 10, now it's 9). I told my Mom I wasn't sure if I would be able to attend this year since the time has moved up (I want to not feel rushed and spend plenty of time that night with my wife, especially since we'll be at my Mom's that afternoon, and her grandma's the following day), and to be honest I'm not really interested anyway.   She said she would see if someone else would go with her, but I know she would want me to go... She's kind of passive aggressive about everything and knows how to push my buttons, so I always feel uncertain with things like this since I know I have to be stern to get a point across with her sometimes. So, am I the asshole if I decline going to church for Christmas going forward?
e8tzu6	Title probably sounds a lot more scandalous than it truly is. Basically, I was bored on lunch at work the other day and had exhausted reddit. I decided on a whim to search my boyfriend of 2 years' username on one of those "find a username" sites. I've used it in the past and it's kind of interesting to see what people sign up for when they always use the same username... which he does.  I expected to find a Pinterest or Instagram or something but instead I found a "seeking sugar daddy/mommy" type site. Before you ask yes, it's definitely him -- there are no pictures on the site itself but it's his username, his birthday, his hometown, and links to his (old AF) Myspace account. It's also a pretty bare profile but he's not the most social media savvy person.  It's nothing alarming. He set it up when he was 24 (he's 32 now) so it's been quite a while. The only thing that's a little odd to me is that he states he wants to meet an older woman and "treat her the way she should be treated, preferably one that's not getting enough attention." I don't know, that just doesn't jive with what I know about my boyfriend... but I digress.  Anyway. I mostly want to tell him about this to let him know it still exists online and could be easily tied to him if someone wanted to find it (based on the other info on there.) I know he hasn't been using it and probably forgot about it completely so I want to give him the chance to delete it.  And a small part of me also wants to tease him a little. Not in a mean way, but I AM 2 years older than him... so WIBTA if I said something like "Hey I stumbled across this profile the other day...  now  you have your 'older woman who needs attention', lucky you!"
e8tmt9	Hello Reddit. Help me figure out if I (26F) am an asshole.  Last night my husband asked me if we had any extra copies of our save the date that was mailed out in December of 2018. I said no because I threw the extras away when we moved, and he thinks that was very assholey of me. The save the date was a picture of us that is also posted on social media.  Background: We moved into a new house a few months ago and during the move I found all of our wedding planning stuff. Including 10-15 copies of the save the date, 20-30 invitations, and all of our cards from the gift box. Because I was the one doing most of the packing, I made the decision to throw all of that away. Don't worry, I kept our guest book, wedding album, and wedding video, but everything else is gone.  When my husband asked me about it last night and I told him what I did, he got very upset. "Why would you even think to do that" "I wanted to put one on my desk at work" Blah blah blah. While complaining to me about it, he texted one of our friends who was invited asking if they still had our save the date, they replied yes. Then my husband reiterated how I was an asshole because our guest kept the save the date, and I didn't.   Am I am ass for not seeing what the big deal is? I threw it away because it was on social media, and the entire point of it all was to get married, and we did and its been amazing. That's all that matters to me, not the foo foo shit that goes with a wedding. I don't understand why he all of a sudden wants it. It is just annoying and I am starting to feel bad about it, but I don't feel like I am the asshole here.   Thoughts?
e8te3t	currently i am in an office management position at a five star, fine dining restaurant on the east coast. i spend 40+ hours the week in our office working with guests on reservations, our chefs for menu changes, social media, etc.   recently my AGM came down with a cold and since returning to work has developed an insanely loud cough that genuinely sounds like he’s screaming. he will cough all around the restaurant, during service and near guests. he will sit right next to me in the office and scream cough in my ear. i’m sensitive to loud noises from some childhood trauma, which is not an excuse, but something i’ve recently learned in therapy, so it’s cool to put a name to it and not think that i’m just crazy. it truthfully hurts my ears and startles me when he coughs so loud and so close to me. how do i ask him politely to please not cough so loud near me and to maybe try to not do it near guests as well? my coworkers and i have all noticed this recently and get startled when we can hear him from down the hall or from the kitchen. it’s not professional or graceful to be doing that at work, especially in our industry and during dinner service. i understand he’s recovering from an illness but i think he could be a little more subtle about it.  wibta if i said something?   tl;dr AGM doesn’t know how to cover his mouth when he coughs
e8tatr	my boyfriend (22m) and i (21f) are both gamers, and we both work all but one day a week, his day off is tuesday and mine is wednesday. tuesday and thursday nights, he has scheduled times (usually from 7pm till around 11:30-12:30) that he specifically meets up with friends online to play different games. i'm totally fine with that, i know how much he loves ff14 or whatever game they choose each week, and i know it's a form of decompressing and relaxing after work.   lately, however, he and a friend found a game they both really love, and it's taking up a lot of his time, as in i just went out to pick up breakfast, and when i got back, he was already in a discord and playing, even though i only have this morning to maybe watch hulu or something with him before i head to work from 2-10. he's been spending the majority of his time off playing this game, sometimes until after i've fallen asleep.   we've been together for a year and five months, and i love him with my whole heart. he helped me to have the strength and courage to leave a relationship with a sociopathic narcissist in which i was being emotionally and mentally abused and manipulated. we have good communication and are very open with each other, and we live together currently. my main worry is that i'm going to come across as clingy or nagging for asking him to spend more time with me, because like i said, he falls asleep and wakes up next to me every day, and we binge watch different shows together before bed when he's done with his game. i'm still working on being able to properly judge when i'm actually overreacting or whether i'm upset for the right reasons, because i was gaslighted constantly in my old relationship, and i still get these pangs of worry that i'm just being dramatic.   TL;DR: i want to know if i'd be TA for opening a discussion with him about how much he plays videogames, knowing that they're a way to destress for him, and knowing that we live together and still have movie nights occasionally.
e8sw4w	I've (38F) been with my BF (44M) for a few months and things are great. Since meeting him I've had to do a lot of traveling, all by car. Road trips are a bit difficult for me due to a medical condition. I can do it but I get tired and achey.   He wants to drive about 3 hours one way to spend Christmas with his mom and daughter. I've met his daughter but not mom. I really don't want to do another road trip right now. I'd love to meet his mom and get to know his daughter some more but just the idea of another road trip right now puts me in a Grinchy mood. I'm totally ok with him going and us spending Christmas apart.  Would I be an asshole if I stay home or should I suck it up?
e8sl7y	I've been looking for a new apartment for the last month or so now and I think I finally found a good one. It's very close to my workplace (practically walking distance), it's right up my financial alley and it's a huge upgrade from where I live now. Only issue, according to my boyfriend, is the fact that I'd be sharing said apartment with four other people, who are all guys.  I had dinner with them and they explained the situation; their previous roommate had to move due to college and finding a new a roommate would alleviate some of the finances considering they were five people previously. The apartment also has two bathrooms; they acknowledged that perhaps I'd be uncomfortable with sharing a bathroom with guys, so they told me if I was to move in, one of the bathrooms would be exclusively mine.  They gave me a quick tour of the apartment and it's gorgeous; it's a modern loft apartment and it's huge so despite potentially five people living there, space would definitely not be an issue. I loved everything about the place. They gave me a week to decide before they start looking for another potential roommate.  I had a talk with my boyfriend, who is leaving town for a few months due to work and despite not flat out telling me no, he has been very, very passive aggressive about it. He's usually very upfront and honest and this is definitely not like him. I mentioned that to him and he dismissed it and keeps telling me that he hopes I enjoy my new apartment. I tried to have him meet my potential roommates and he keeps coming up with excuses as to why he can't meet them; which again, is very unlike him.  I have two more days to answer them and I feel bad for making them wait and my boyfriend keeps being vague about the whole situation; oh and his flight is tomorrow so that definitely isn't helping me decide.  Would I be the asshole if I move in despite him being passive aggressive and pretty much against it? I've been trying to get a concrete answer from him but it seems impossible and I don't want to miss out on the place because I really liked it.
e8sl6v	So I've been into the rave scene for a while, but I don't go very often. I usually save up to go to the really big festivals instead of regularly attending smaller shows. I genuinely enjoy the music, but I would be lying to say I don't also go for the fun of spending the weekend fucked up. I wanted to go to EDC in Las Vegas (it's in May 2020) and I found someone selling their ticket on fb, so I decided to buy it (it's already sold out). I know two other people who are going, and they got a camping pass and said I could camp with them, and basically everything seemed to be working out for me.  Then, I (22M) mentioned it to my boyfriend (24M) and he got really upset. We've been together for two years, so he knows I like to go to shows, and he even came with me to one last year but he said it wasn't really his scene. He told me he's never been crazy about raves and music festivals, and after going to one he thinks it's basically just an excuse for people to do drugs. He said he's really uncomfortable and a little scared at the idea of me "being on a bender for three days straight" at a festival with hundreds of other people who are also tripping balls. He doesn't think it's safe, and told me he doesn't want me to go at all. Since the show we went to together, I haven't been to another so I guess he didn't feel the need to mention it until now, but he's really emotional about this. He said he just doesn't trust raves/people who go to raves and I said since I already bought the ticket I'm going to go anyway. I told my friend about this, and they said if me going to raves makes him this upset I should prioritize his feelings because it doesn't hurt me to not go, but it will hurt him if I do go.  The show isn't until May so I have a lot of time to change my mind, but I thought I would ask now anyway. So, Reddit, AITA?  tl;dr: boyfriend doesn't want me to go to a rave because he doesn't like them, but I really want to go to the rave.
e8s9eu	Our son is 14 and has been undergoing treatment for an illness for the past three years and it's still not over yet.  The whole treatment process has been extremely difficult for our son and despite our best efforts to help him mentally, it has changed him from a really sweet loving child to someone who lashes out terribly. And we know puberty has played a large part of it as well.  Unfortunately, his behavior at home has disrupted his siblings' lives greatly. He's the third of 4 children. It's gotten to the the point where my youngest daughter is deeply unhappy and has started saying she hates her brother. The older children have also made their feelings known.  We've tried correcting the behavior but he's very clearly in physical pain and it's affecting his behavior. We've tried therapy as well, both individual and family.  In an effort to create peace in our home, we made a decision to move our son into my parents' guesthouse. My wife and I take turns sleeping there so my son is never left without a parent there. My parents also spend a lot of time with him   This has made our house peaceful and positive again. And the other children are happier. But our son has taken it very badly and his behavior has worsened. My wife regularly returns from her time with him in tears. It has gotten to me a few times too.  My wife and I feel really guilty but we didn't know what else to do. A nurse found our what we did and told us that good family support can make a difference in surviving an illness and we made a mistake. She was immediately reprimanded by a doctor but my wife and I are feeling worse than before.  My son's therapist said we didn't have any choice but my mother also feels like maybe we should've tried harder to keep him in our home.  Did we make a mistake?
e8s49y	We’ve been friends for almost 7 years,but it’s clear we are sick of each other.We don’t really talk to each other that much and if we do we both try to end it as soon as possible.We both have other friends,but none of us has ever implied that we want the friendship to end. She’s a very sensitive person and I don’t know how I would tell her that I think this isn’t working anymore.I was always her emotional support but lately I feel like this is all I am to her.
e8rtod	So I went to college several hours from where my parents live but closer to a big city and major metro area where I did have some family. I was excited to ge able to visit that city but my parents were worried about doing so because they thought it was too big, had too much crime and that I wouldn't be used to driving in that type of traffic. So they asked that I "at least at first" visit with someone else who "knew the area". This kind of really pissed me off not just because I wanted to visit but because I was an adult plus my parents went on vacations and visited said city sometimes too.  One day I learned on one of my forums of an underground band I liked playing a basement show in that city the same night I was going back to school after winter break. I got really excited and told my parents that I was going to first go to the city and that show and then head back to college. After my mom saw the address she freaked out because "that's on the north side!" and was in the highest crime and most blighted part of the city. I asked why it mattered, I was visiting a basement show, not a crack house. She asked that I please not go because it was such a bad neighborhood and I'd "probably get other chances" to see the bands and that it'd be too much of a hassle after such a long drive.  So that day I drove out...to the city. Per my mom's request I called her and left her messages of where I was. Eventually she called and asked where I was and if I was in college, I told I her that no, I was in the city at the show between sets. She seemed upset. I told her "I'm an adult, you don't get to set a curfew on me now." After the show I drove back to college.  Eventually my mom quit worrying about my travels there. It took a couple visits and handling myself on my own to do that. So was I an asshole for disobeying her or not lying about it when she called?
e8rshp	So this Christmas is gonna be off kilter for my family. My brother had a bit of an episode a few weeks back and is now in rehab. I’ve recently relocated and live with my family now so I’m working a 24hr shift from Xmas eve until 4pm Xmas day. We usually do Xmas dinner at like 2pm, I have already been told that my family will be having dinner without me, a plate will be left aside for me. And I was kinda cool with that. Dad has farming to do after dinner but before we go to my Granny’s house to be with our relatives.   But just this morning my mother and I had a conversation about gifts. She informed me my sister and she talked and agreed they would prefer not to do gifts this year, that they were both delighted when they discussed the idea but that my sister had said “But it will only work if DinoDog is on board”. So I felt pressured into saying “yeah, that’s cool.” But I’m really not cool about it. I feel like the last part of Christmas I had been looking forward to has been taken away. I like buying gifts, and wrapping them and seeing them being unwrapped by a loved one. I also like receiving gifts and it has always been a part of our Christmas. I felt uncomfortable telling her that I was really looking forward to doing gifts as I’m missing out on all our other traditions (Xmas eve mass, having family over Xmas eve, Xmas day dinner and taking the dogs out for a run as a family). And the reason I felt uncomfortable is because we’ve had a lot go on as a family lately and I’m trying hard everyday to be a support to my parents because my sister is not a good listener.  I know if I go out and buy gifts anyways, I’m going to make everyone else feel uncomfortable. And I think it would be interpreted as being passive aggressive.   I’m confused that my parents recently gave me money towards a car which I did not want to take because they felt guilty they were funding my brothers rehab and I had been a good emotional support to them (I did not want the money, I worked hard after graduating and saved so I could get a nice car and tried to argue that they had put equal funding into my college education). And my parents refuse to take rent from me even though I want to contribute. . . But going out and buying a token gift is too much hassle? Delaying Christmas dinner by 2 hours to include me is too awkward? I just don’t get it.  I also feel the age gap isn’t a help. My sister is 34 so she’s 10 years older than me so she had proper grown up stuff to be excited about. And I’m kind of annoyed that I’m expected to grow out of some traditions because she’s no longer interested in them.
e8rrvf	 So I was on a third date with this girl I met online (for reference, we’re both girls). We were sitting in the back of my car talking and we got to the topic of dating apps. We’re both Hispanic and she told me she preferred certain dating apps that allowed her to filter for race because she preferred to date Hispanics. I looked at her kind of surprised and she asked if that was bad. I said no. She said that she just feels it’s easier to connect with someone who’s culturally similar in terms of food, communication, connecting with her family, etc.  Then she asked if I agreed and I said that I actually prefer white girls. She looked taken aback but she was laughing. I explained that I think they’re pretty and I want to be able to introduce them to my culture. She JOKINGLY said something along the lines of “how dare you say that on a date with me?” I laughed and told her it was a compliment that I was on a date with her (in a joking way, not a cocky way). All in all, it was a light hearted conversation that I can’t really explain through a post. You just had to be there to understand the mood of the conversation. She didn’t seem offended or anything and we changed topics afterward. She even made a few jokes saying how she can wear shoes inside my house and call my parents by their first names (both things Hispanics don’t really do where we’re from but both things white people generally do).  Anyway I told my friends about our date and this came up. They said I was an asshole for saying that. I didn’t think it was a huge deal since we even have a fourth date scheduled so I don’t think she was hurt by that comment. AITA?
e8rnf0	My bf is very tall and slender and hard to buy clothing for. He works outside and desperately needs a new coat. We went to try on coats and found a size that would actually fit him. After we left he looked online at different styles of this brand and showed me the exact one he wanted in gray. I spent a few hours finding that specific style and color in his size (a tall size that's hard to find) and after finally finding one ordered it. A few days later he tells me his boss bought him a one of the standard brown work coats for Christmas. A very nice gesture, but I know mine will look much better and is actually the one he wanted, not to mention I spent hours searching for it and Christmas funds are extremely tight this year for me. AITA for being upset that I've now got to return the gift I bought first because the boss stepped in and bought another style and color that doesn't look as nice?
e8rmgz	I’m currently a junior in high school. I’m a straight A student, in clubs at school, have a part time job, want to go to college,etc. So recently, my mom’s controlling mother in law wants her to move where she’s building a house and wants to buy a house for my mom and her boyfriend. She’s adamant about it and she’s not even considering their circumstances! My mom told her mother in law at first that she doesn’t want to move because I’m graduating next year blah blah blah and her mother in law said that I don’t make the decisions. Now that she’s buying a NICE house for them my mom is head over heals about it not even thinking what’s going to happen. I think it’s a horrible idea which one I’m graduating next year which is stupid to switch schools (plus I’ve moved a lot in the past years) and the other thing is that my mom talks shit about her boyfriend and her mother in law. She keeps saying every once in a while that she wants to break up with her boyfriend because he’s up her ass and that her mother in law is an annoying control freak. But now that does not matter because the mother in law is going to buy a nice house for them. She said that she doesn’t want to miss out on the opportunity because I want to stay at my current school. I want to just live with my dad because I don’t want to move and keep doing what I want to do. I want to go to college and I’m afraid moving will mess up my chances. But I feel like my mom will find a way for me to move. I just know if she chooses this for herself she’ll be miserable. So AITA for not wanting to move?
e8ri8i	  I need an answer, am I a shitty friend. R is a friend of mine and C, our other friend is with him. R is a diabetic and he hadn’t taken his medication, so he started feeling really ill and couldn’t walk. He also was apparently vomiting. C called me, asking me to drive R to the hospital because he thought I had my car with me. C and R do not have access to cars. I am currently studying for my physics final in 3 hours and didn’t want to leave the library. I also felt that it’d be faster if my roommate Z took him since he’s at our apartment with his car. So I called Z and asked him to go, I also checked to make sure Z didn’t have any assignments or upcoming exams. If he was busy today I would have walked back home and driven over to take him. Z  was able to take C and R to the hospital, and I am currently still studying. I feel like I’m an asshole here due to the intent behind my actions. Though it was more practical and faster for Z to take C and R, I did not drop what I was doing to help out a friend. I also feel that I put Z in a shitty situation by asking him to do something like this.
e8qq4s	Without getting into too much breakup detail, there's a lot of complications here. We have a kid together, and I have lived with my ex's grandparents for years. Her Grandpa died recently, but had already sold the house with intent to move. Now they're moving somewhere else but have ~10 days before they can move in after the closing here.  She broke up with me a couple weeks before her grandpa died (still trying to start healing tbh) and I just moved into my new apartment on Friday. She's been helping me with the cleaning, moving, etc., even with a broken foot.  I'm fine storing some of their shit at my place, as it's actually bigger in terms of room space, but WIBTA if I don't let them (ex, mother, grandmother, and my daughter), all stay with me for the next two weeks, and possibly end up homeless (obviously not my daughter or her mom) or having to pay >$1k to stay elsewhere?  And WIBTA if I let them, even though it would be at least one violation to my new leasing agreement (pets people parking)? Halp.
e8q8he	I sit alone in class and at lunch, I don’t have any friends but people leave me alone so I am happy with it. Yesterday though I am sitting at lunch when one of the girls comes up and says “nice t shirt it looks good on you”. I say thank you. She then asks me whether I would like to sit with her and her friends. I say no thank you but thank you for the kind offer.  She then says would you like a hug? I didn’t hear what she said at first but she told me to stand up and when I did she gave me an impromptu cuddle. I was suddenly aware that people were staring and I quickly finished up and left.  I don’t want attention brought to myself. I am ok with being lonely as long as people don’t bother me. Should I tell the girl to go away next time I see her? Or am I being paranoid and overreacting?
e8njvl	Me (F23) and my bf (M24) have need together for nearly five years, we recently had a big discussion about him not being honest about his mood and general attitude   He will always say yes to whatever I propose, even if he doesn't want to go along with it one bit, which doesn't sound so bad until one realizes, he can't fake it; he will be all moody, and coy and quiet. I've planned entire parties where beforehand he sounds truly excited and the day of the event he won't even smile at anybody, he thinks saying yes to my every desire makes me happy, it doesn't, I'm miserable just watching all my efforts go down the drain just because he couldn't say he wasn't in the mood or that he wanted something different.  So we had this discussion, and he promised to try and be more honest, so now, he flakes out of everything, we had a dinner date planned 'oh, I don't know, I've had so much work'; there's this event I really want to go to 'but I'm too tired'   He went from doing everything with a moody face to doing nothing, he's driving me insane and I don't know how to bring it up.  AITA for expecting him to have a balance?
e8njs9	So I made a friend about 3 months ago and when I first started talking to her everything was fine (mostly) up until recently when me and a friend we both had started playing a game. He asked if we should invite her but at the time she was very excited to play WOW and so I thought it would be pointless (Little did I know she had played the game before and liked it). Anyway, she heard us say her name and asked what. I said nothing and moved on. She apparently got very hurt by this and is now mad as hell at me for not saying sorry about it even tho I don't feel I have anything to apologize for     so dear Reddit am I the asshole?
e8nflg	Fiancée and I started The L Word Generation Q and now I am on the couch  My fiancée and I have been engaged for coming up on two years now with no wedding date in sight (she proposed to me) Tonight we got into an argument and long story short we are both hurt and want some validation in our feelings.   Watching the newly released revamp of The L Word sparked some discussion among us about being out, marriage, and the possibility of children. Some backstory: I am, what I like to consider, very out. I’ve had relationships with women before but never quite like this. She is my best friend and I am irrevocably in love with her. My family and friends adore her (more than they love me) and have been very vocal of their affirmation of her. Alternatively, she has only dated men in the past and is a bit more reserved as far as sexuality goes.   In past relationships I was hidden. I was the “roommate” “friend” “study buddy”. It hurt, but I was always reassured that she would never do that to me. I thought with her things could be different. I told her of these insecurities and she welcomed me with open arms and promises that she wouldn’t hide me and that she was proud of us.  Now, she is a school teacher and is very hesitant to say she is dating anyone for fear of questions, even saying she is single instead of with someone. We live in liberal Southern California and she can’t even say she is dating (even without saying the gender).  I can’t send her flowers or anything similar because then people will know.   When asked if she is seeing anyone by her colleagues she says no. I understand that she isn’t comfortable coming out to everyone that asks, but all I ask is to be acknowledged. I’ve done my time being the roommate. I’ve done my time being the friend that just happens to come to Christmas. I’m sick of it and my feelings are valid too. I’m not asking her to come out to her students, obviously, but I’m asking for recognition of my feelings too.   Am I the asshole?
e8n7hf	So for the past couple weeks I've been asking my partner what he wants for Christmas as I was originally going to buy something expensive and specific that I wanted his approval before purchasing. He turned around and sorta said he wanted me to pay a couple bills for him.  I said if that was what he wanted, I would. So I paid roughly $600 in bills for him.  Context: - He has been struggling with money for the past year or so and said it would be really helpful - We don't live together and some of the bills are overdue and have additional charges  - He had the money to pay them in full but wanted me to pay them for him - I get paid about $750/week and could easily afford to buy additional presents with my current living situation  So Reddit, WIBTA for not buying any additional presents for him?
e8mmip	So it all started when my friend of 20 years (F28) got me a job at a graphic design firm, granted I knew barely squat about graphic design but had a BFA in Studio Art so I thought I could learn the ins and outs while working there.   Fast forward 8months, our boss is gone on a business trip for two weeks and comes back and terminates me from the company.  I was distraught because it was a bit out of the blue, but I wasn’t producing at a fast enough rate for the companies needs? I honestly don’t know why I was let go other than the fact that I was unqualified for the position.   Regardless, my “friend” of 20 years waits an ENTIRE week and a Half to call me and she doesn’t ask “how I’m doing” and she doesn’t ask “what happened?” No “I’m sorry you got fired” Nope. Nothing of that sort.   Instead she complains for 20plus minutes about how she got shingles since I left and she can’t hang out with her boyfriend until it’s gone because her boyfriend’s never had chickenpox.    Literally our phone call ended with her saying “oh yeah, your last paycheck will be to you in a couple of weeks” there was no other mention of my termination throughout the entire call... and I was like “great.... thanks...”  then I abruptly wanted to get off the phone with her cause I was driving and didn’t want to be distracted by her complaining about her life and how awful HER life was.  I get it, it’s a weird situation, but wouldn’t a friend of 20 years at least say “I’m sorry things happened that way?”  Or act like she was curious about why I was let go from the job she got me?   I moved to a different state for that position and thought I was moving closer to a friend but now I don’t really want to talk to her because it always feels like her issues are put in front of mine. You can recover from shingles, it’s harder to get a nice paying job out of the blue without any financial planning.    I finally took a job as a waitress to pay the bills, but it’s not really my “dream job”. I’m making half of what I previously made, which wasn’t much in the first place.   Just wondering if my friend is the ass for not asking how I was doing since I got fired or if it’s me for not wanting to sympathize with her health? I’m sure shingles sucks major ass but she didn’t lose her source of income because of it. On the phone call I said things like “aw, that sucks. I’m sorry you got shingles, etc.” but she mentioned nothing of my termination except when my last check would be in the mail. (She is somewhat high up in the company)  :(  I’m super bummed about how everything turned out. Also, this is my first time posting on reddit, ever! I hope I did this right!
e8mflu	Remarried dad, 30s, 2 other kids(with wife). My 11 year old has her own room, her own alarm clock. AITA for sleeping in a little while she gets ready in the morning? She thinks I should be up (doing nothing) I have 2 other little kids. I bring the 11 year to the bus stop every morning, but she wakes up, gets dressed, does her hair and teeth, makes breakfast (which she usually doesn't eat, she "brings it with her")  and sits on the couch watching TV till we gotta catch the bus. I hear her wake up, and know ive got about another 15 mins before I technically need to get out of bed. Her step mother (wife) thinks I should be getting up with her (but step mom's sleeping I too... None of us are morning people!)  AITA for not waking up a half hour earlier than I need to to watch my pre-teen get ready for school?  Edit for INFO  Daughter has not once complained (we within the last year got full custody) My wife/her step mom, thinks I should be up with her. NONE of us are morning people. And honestly I A- Get my wife's point, but B- Think my daughter kind of enjoys those 15 mins to "own" the tv and be a little independent. (Which is why I'm asking!)
e8mb2b	I’ve always wanted to get into photography, I absolutely love taking pictures. Me wife bought my a Nikon B500 through Fingerhut for around $400 for christmas. I was very excited. After using the camera for a couple days I started researching the camera to maybe get some tips on how to use it a little better. I found out that Fingerhuts price is about $200 more than pretty much anywhere else and if the sun isnt completely lighting everything the quality isn’t very good. Ive seen other cameras (D3500/EOS T7 etc. for around the same price) I am completely grateful for the gift and I love that my wife was listening to me when I showed how passionate I was about learning this new hobby.   WIBTA if I sent it back for a refund and purchased a better quality camera?  Edit: typos
e8m8kh	My husband has been at the same company for 14 years.  He’s been overlooked for supervisory positions....in fact, they had him interview, to only create an exception and give it to a coworker who didn’t meet the qualifications.  2 weeks ago, he said that there was a potential for his position to be cut.  He said he was tired of uncertainty and would begin looking at other places (which he has had multiple offers from).  Then today, he told me that his supervisor said he had nothing to worry about because a record keeper likes him and said great things to the CEO about him, so he was likely to keep his job.  I responded with while that is great they say those nice things about him, I wouldn’t  hang his hat and future on the words of a records keeper.    I’m tired of seeing him underutilized and under appreciated because he refuses to take a stand; in fact he hasn’t even began looking for a new job like he said he would.  He said I was being unsupportive of him.  I said I’m standing up for him and wanting him to realize his true potential.  So, AITA for being realistic?
e8m6sx	My boyfriend and I have been dating for about a year. He introduced me to his daughter a couple of months back. She didn't seem too thrilled to meet me, so I really tried not to overstep. I tried to talk to her if I saw her, but I didn't want to try to force a relationship if she wasn't ready.   Her birthday was over the weekend. She and her father must have told me a few times, but I completely forgot about it. My boyfriend did mention that his daughter was having friends over, but I just didn't connect the dots. I had a bunch of work stuff this weekend, so I didn't even see my boyfriend until Sunday night, and then his daughter was showing me some stuff that she got for her birthday, and then I felt awful because I didn't get her anything.   I was telling my sister about this, and she said I was kind of stupid for not remembering the birthday, and that when I realized that I forgot, I should have given her money or something, but I don't usually carry cash around so I couldn't even give her a ten dollar bill or anything.  I feel awful for forgetting and being so out of touch; AITA?
e8lokt	So today I was at the DMV for 3 hours & when it was my turn the woman told me I had to come back tomorrow because the office she needs to call closes at 5:30...I got there at 2:30.  To say I was frustrated would be an understatement.  While I was waiting my s/o came to meet me so we could go to the grocery store together after.  He got there just as I was walking out the door, completely frustrated with how my day had been waste by the DMV.    I was very upset during the car ride to the grocery store.  My s/o listened to me rant - I could tell that he was upset that I was upset but not in a good way.  He was more like annoyed that I was upset.  He would say the "right thing" in a very monotone voice but not engage in the conversation.  He just kept breathing heavy the entire time I was talking about what happened & just venting.  I could tell he was super annoyed.  So when we got to the store I told him I would just sit in the car while he shopped.  He did the shopping and I came around with the car to pick him up after.  In the car we exchanged conversation back and forth nothing special.  I don't bring up the DMV for obvious reasons & since he didn't say anything I just assume shopping went well.  We are almost home and I ask him "what did you buy?" he list off so many items that equal $90 except the 4 items we needed for dinner tonight that we discussed and planned/ made a list while on the phone while I was waiting at the DMV.  Literally, we planned to go to the store to buy these 4 items to make dinner tonight and that is why he came to meet me.  At this moment I just start crying.    I feel like such an idiot & just a frustrated asshole at the same time.  It really bothered me that he just didn't tell me & I had to ask.  Like would we have driven all the way home just to find out that we have no dinner?  AITA for crying? AITA for sitting in the car while he went into the store?
e8ll4u	My parents, mom mostly,  are always nervous wrecks. my mom was extra nervous about me enlisting in the military. even more nervous about my job. i’m going to iraq for 11 months but haven’t told my parents where i’m going yet. i told them i was being deployed but “i didn’t know where i was going yet”. would i be the asshole if i lied about where i was going and told them i was going somewhere safer than where i’m actually going? i just don’t want them to be stressed and nervous for 11 months wondering what’s going on over there.
e8l7yn	So my mouse died and I desperately needed batteries and my moms computer room has all the electrical appliances in it. My mother has no issues with me going through the drawers in there as she knows I always use the screw drivers and cables. Well I couldnt find the batteries in the bottom drawer so I open the remaining 3 and find my gift. I was confused because I have a brother as well. I felt guilty finding it and decided to tell and ask her I accidentally found it, which is true. I didnt want to fake a surprise when I open it on Christmas so I felt like I had to tell her. I feel like an asshole because it looked like she died inside and was trying hard to cover it up. Im kinda stupid and tried doing what I thought was the right thing, so AITA for telling her?
e8l5jm	Last Saturday, my family and I were out to lunch. Everything was fine until my nephew pooped and my sister in law and brother left to change him. When they came back, sister in law started talking about how the poop went all the way up his back. I asked her to not discuss it right there and then (my exact words were something around "Can we not discuss this right now?")  My dad says I was rude and I upset her, but I feel like it's common sense not to talk about poop while we're having lunch?  I should also mention that wasn't the first time we've had the conversation! It's come up twice before, and both times, I've asked her to stop (more for my mom's sake than my own- she'll lose her appetite right away).  So basically.. AITA?
e8kvf4	Posting here sensitive topic, for myself and my father.   Just earlier today my dad came in to my room and told me he CPR’d our neighbor for the last 14 or so minutes after he FOUND HIM DEAD ON THE COUCH.  Backstory FIRST: Our neighbor was an elder, around 70, 80ish maybe, my dad and him were kinda close back in the day but not too too close. Long story short, the neighbor dude has no family except a sister that’s also his age, so he asked my dad (50 exactly) to shovel his driveway and patio when it snows really bad as he most likely would have a heart attack doing so (he directly mentioned this to my father in the past). He still drives around and goes places etc.. Today (it snowed pretty bad), my dad didn’t really want to shovel that much this winter for him (As he has done a bunch previous years.) So he kinda shunned him off when he had asked for it. Which he also made sure to mention to him that he didn’t really want to. The neighbor dude goes outside (was in a bit of a rush today), shovels his patio (ONLY HIS PATIO), goes back inside and is found less than 2 hours later by my dad on the couch. (Neighbor left his car running. Was suspicious!) This is when he performed CPR for 10-15 or so until paramedics arrived and did what they could as well. My dad is kinda depressed and blaming himself.   Didn’t know where else to post this. I guess pretend as if I am the one in question here. AITA
e8kn68	So I've been friends with my ex-gf since we broke up amicably a year ago. We still hang out, gossip together, are close and think highly of each other -- or so I thought.  Two nights ago, I introduced my current gf to my ex, while I had some people over for a party before we went clubbing. Nothing weird about their meeting, and we all got pretty drunk before heading downtown to dance. It was half past midnight when we got to the club, I didn't really want to be there by then since I was pretty tired, but I went because my current gf wanted to and had asked the others to rally me.  So we're at the club, I'm trying to dance with the current gf who's much more energetic and enthusiastic, and eventually we form a circle as groups do in clubs. Some time later I notice my ex say to my gf over the club music "You have my number if you want to talk," -- unusual, but I don't think too much of it. I leave with my gf soon after, we say goodbye to everyone and Uber home where I pass out from exhaustion.  The next morning I take my gf out to breakfast, and I get a text from my ex, saying she had a blast. I tell he ditto, thanks for coming. Seconds later, my gf's phone buzzes. It's a text from my ex, which read's "Hi! It's (grograchen's ex. I just wanted to make sure you're all right."  I felt indignant the moment my current gf showed it to me. Why wouldn't she be all right leaving with me... and if there was any doubt about her well-being, why wouldn't she just ask me? My current gf wasn't weirded out by this, but I texted my ex immediately asking her why she'd asked that.   She replies that it's because my current gf is a homie, and she always checks on her homies. I tell her it's great that girls need to be checked in on after they leave with me, and ex replies "um whattt, not at all." I ask her, then, why did you check in on her?" There's no reply.  this was two days ago and haven't heard from the ex since. My current gf isn't bothered at all by it. But I am. I can't figure out why you would check on the safety on someone who left with a decent guy you trust, especially when you don't know her at all. Am I overreacting? What could i be missing about this situation?
e8klg7	I(32 F) live about 2 hours away from my family. My husband and I have been married a little over a year, and I have not lived in my hometown where my family live for almost 6 years now.  I teach high school, and am very busy throughout the week. On the weekends I spend time running errands, doing chores, occasionally going out with friends, and relaxing. In January I will be even more busy because I will be starting grad school for my M.ed program for an administration degree which means night classes, tons of reading, and homework.   I already go back to my hometown to visit my family every time school goes on break. For example if spring break is a week, I will pack a bag, leave my husband and dog for like 3 days and go stay with my parents. This lets me spend time with my family and to catch up with all the friends that still live in my hometown. This works out to visiting about every 6-8 weeks. During Christmas and summer I usually stay at least one full week.   Well, I was up for my mother today. She started talking about how she (60) and my father (65) were discussing their mortality. She especially doesn't feel like she will be around in another 14 years when my nephew graduates due to poor health. She started crying and talking about how much she misses me, and how she has never gotten over her empty nest feeling from me leaving the house at 18.My mother is one of those women who always felt her whole purpose was to be a mother. She's also incredibly melodramatic and sensitive, so the crying isn't anything new. Well, in the middle of her tears this time she tells me she wants to ask me something. Immediately I get red flags... especially when she tells me my sister told her not to ask me. And then she drops the bomb. She asks me if I would start coming up to my hometown and staying the night once a month, maybe on a Saturday, so I could spend as much time with her and the rest of the family as possible. She tells me she has never gotten over me leaving, and it would just mean the world.  Don't get me wrong, I love my mother, but part of the reason I only go visit on break is because they're exhausting. I'm an introvert that needs my own space, especially since I have a high stress job. Also it's impractical given that I only have a finite amount of "free" time.I told her I probably couldn't do it, which made the water works even worse. I apologized and told her I loved her, and I kinda tried to make a concession and say I would try and visit more often, but couldn't come and stay once a month. After hanging up, I started to feel bad. What if she's right, and she really doesn't have many years left and I blew off her request to spend more time together? Especially since for about a decade our relationship was pretty strained until we made amends about 5-6 years ago.  tl;dr AITA for telling my distraught mother that it wasn't really feasible for me to spend more time with her?
e8kchl	I was over at my good friend’s apartment, where I’m invited to visit several times a week. As a result, I’m there quite frequently.  Recently, I lost an umbrella and could not locate it at my office or at home. I had to borrow an umbrella for today, as it was raining heavily today.  As I was about to leave this friend’s house, I noticed 3 umbrellas in the corner, and one looked exactly like the one I just misplaced. I picked it up and examined the handle and confirmed it was the same umbrella. My friend’s girlfriend then exclaimed, “that’s my umbrella!!!”   I then explained that I had JUST recently lost one that was the exact same and asked if she happened to have the same one. She said “fine, do you want to keep it? Just take it” but I refused, because it seemed like she was offering me HER umbrella and not acknowledging the possibly that it could be mine.  When I returned home, I texted my friend to ask if he could check if his girlfriend had this certain brand umbrella. He said “we told you that you could just take it” and I told him I wouldn’t take it without making sure it was mine and that I was just asking him to double check. The way they both reacted really makes me feel like an asshole. Am I an asshole for how I handled this umbrella situation?
e8iuek	I love tattoos. My husband has two sleeves while I don't like some of his tattoos they all mean something to him and he loves them so that's all that matters. But recently he been wanting a SMALL tattoo behind his ear. I told him to go for it as long as it's small and not a neck tattoo. Today he surprised me with it but I almost wanted to cry when I seen it. It was a f**king giant rose on his neck. It took half of his neck and almost touches his face. We always talk about it and he knew I didn't care if he gets any tattoos as long as from the neck up he was clear. I was upset about it and I told him I didn't like it. It's a well done rose but it's so big for no reason. He said he'll get it removed if I really didn't like it but I can tell his sad about it. Am I the asshole ?
e8iqy5	I teach at a mostly black and hispanic school. In one of my classes, there is an indian boy. He's very outgoing and has lots of friends in the class, but a lot of the time, they make jokes about his race. At first I let this slide, but then I decided to report this, as joking about race wouldn't be acceptable in a workplace environment. After I did this, the indian boy came up to me and told me that he never like the other boys were being racist, and it was all jokes, and I shouldn't have reported them. AITA?
e8imxy	So I(15m) was in class today, during a work time my teacher came over to me and asked if I was ok, me being fine said yes, but then she started asking personal questions like are you happy, what do you want to do later in life,ect.  To start out with, these kinds of conversations make me extremely uncomfortable, my parents forced me into therapy a few years back, so this kind of thing makes be a bit defensive, I'm not depressed or anything like that, I'm just your average teen that stays up way to late playing videogames, which is why I think she asked, because I always look kind of dead.  Now on to the question WIBTA if she tries to start a similar conversation to just shut her down and tell her I'm not comfortable having that kind of conversations and that I'm fine. I really don't want to get Baker acted, or whatever my states equivalent is.  Also I don't thing she's an AH, just a bit to caring.
e8hxc2	Two weeks ago I was going cleaning out my grandmas attic and was going through old family albums just for the heck of it. As I’m going through things from when I was really young, I see pictures of a man I didn’t recognize holding me as a newborn. I didn’t think much of it until I noticed he was in most of my childhood pictures from the ages of birth to 3. He was at my first three birthday parties, there were pictures of me at his house with other kids I didn’t recognize.   I just assumed maybe he was a distant uncle or cousin or something but I thought it was strange that he was in EVERY picture and I don’t even know him. So I took a few of them out and brought them back home to ask my mom who he was.    When I pulled out the pictures, I knew immediately something was wrong. Her face became pale and she asked me where I found them. I said told her where and asked her who he is and why he’s in every baby picture of me. Mind you, we have our own photo album at my house and he’s not in any of those.    My mom started crying and I was so confused. It took a few minutes for her to calm down but she sat me down and told me that since I’m 20 and an adult she thinks I should know. In my mind I’m thinking “Was I adopted?” because her reaction was just so odd.   She finally spills the beans. She told me that for the first three years of my life, she thought the man in the picture was my biological dad. He was there throughout the pregnancy and my infant and toddler years but when they broke up and my mom tried to put him on child support, the courts tested him and they found out he wasn’t my father. She then contacted my dad (only father I know) and told him he was the only other possibility and they tested him and he was my biological father.   The other guy moved on with his life and moved away. My biological dad and I have a great relationship, and I don’t have any memories without him. Him and my mother coraised me. For some reason I feel pissed that I didn’t know this sooner. I feel weird knowing I have baby pictures with a guy that thought he was my dad and angry that my parents never told me. This is information that I should know.   I got upset with her and haven’t talked to her since. I called my dad and confronted him and he told me that he didn’t think my mother should have told me which got me even more mad and I haven’t spoken to him either. I told some close friends and they all think I’m overreacting and that I’m punishing my parents for something that’s not their faults. I just feel cheated from the truth.  So AITA?
e8hvq7	  Our family do KK for christmas with myself, 2 siblings and our 3 partners. We all get presents for my mother and her partner and they get presents for all of us. We normally do all of our presents to eachother and from within the couples as a family watching each other but Our mother is going away over christmas so we are doing family chirstmas on the 17th with our mum cooking dinner and having us all over and with our presents to them and vice versa being done then. But i am still seeing my siblings and partners on christmas day so we were going to do our KK then instead of with our mother and her partner. My youngest brother and his partner think we should include them and do it with them watching as they think she will want to be included in the moment, but as they are not a part of the KK i dont see why they need to be there, when we could instead have presents to open on christmas day. So AITA for wanting to open presents on christmas day.
e8hvif	I am ony my senior year of university. From the very beginning I wanted to leave my university and pursue something else but my mom didn't want me to do it because I choose my department but in my defense I was so unstable and I had only two options and the other one definitely wasn't for me. The day I started university, I became so regretful and whole year I said to my mom that I wanna quit. She prevented me to do that. However, for a long time I am dealing with depression and anxiety and it got worse over the years. Also, my university makes me so unhappy 'cause this is not I want to do. What I wanna do isn't related to what I study anyway. So, over the years, I gave up everything. I couldn't study for my classes and I failed them more then once. Now, I have to take a victory lap. I talked to my mother about leaving and she got angry at me. I said it makes me unhappy. I cried more than once. I became sick. She knows it but doesn't accept that I am getting worse. I started to not attending my classes but she thinks I do. I just can't do it. I really can't. So aita?
e8hnm5	I understand it’s my fault for replacing my ID sooner but my ID just expired. The other night a bartender at my work was stung by the liquor control board and busted serving a minor. I have been incredibly nervous about losing my license and lively hood so I called the liquor control board to check the legality of me serving with an expired license. Which is infact illegal.  Now my work is fucking pissed I called the liquor control board and called out of work. I’ll be replacing my license tomorrow but I just feel like shit about this.
e8ha71	I'm a new pastor at a church in rural Minnesota. Having lived in the twin cities for a while, I'm a bit different than most of my congregants (politically progressive, vegetarian, bike commuter, etc). The folks here have been very hospitable to me, and frequently offer me meaty food (which I don't eat) and coffee (which I don't drink) at all sorts of church events. I probably get offered coffee 3-7 times a week, but always turn it down. I feel bad when this happens, because they're just trying to show me kindness by offering it to me.   I'm not ready to give up being a vegetarian (which is a whole other conversation) but drinking coffee wouldn't be too bad. I avoid it because I don't want to become dependent on caffeine and I don't like the taste. I'm sure I could learn to stomach it, but I consume little to no caffeine now and kind of like it that way.   tl;dr, Am I the asshole for always turning down coffee, when people are just trying to be nice?
e8gkr3	So, my two male friends "a" and "v" and my female friend "m" were all from my class.  "a" was talking for a long time with "m" and starter to like her.  After some weeks, "m" start giving some signals showing that she dind't want anything white him.  He got sick of it and chose to forget her.   A few days later, yesterday, "v" (who is friend of "a" too) told me that he and "m" started chatting and they told to eachother that they liked eachother. they agreed to go lunch together today. They did, and "v" didn't tell anything to "a", who felt betrayed.   I told "a" that I knew about the lunch and he was sad that "v" dind't tell him anything about that.  Some hours later, "a" told me that I should have told him about that (in a respectfull way).  Am I the asshole for not telling him?
e8g37n	My boyfriend have been spending New Years alone for the past three years because of early exams. I feel really sad for him and want to spend it with him this year.   I told my two best friends if it was possible that I ate with them and after went to his place. We’ve had plans about new years eve for about 2 weeks now, but we always spend the night together.   Am I the asshole for ditching my best friends for my lonely boyfriend?   Sorry for bad formatting and bad english.
e8g2vj	Sorry for the HELLA long post, but there's just a lot to this seemingly surface-level story  &#x200B;  Hey guys, so today is the last day of classes for my school, and me and my (female) roommates/friends wanted to do something to celebrate (i.e., get fucked up). There wasn't ever a solid plan, but one of my roommates wanted to go out. Obviously, it being a monday night, we aren't gonna do that. So we just decided to stay in the room and drink, hang out, maybe get high, ya know.  &#x200B;  Well, this weekend we hung out with some guy friends, and they are a lot of fun. On sunday, my friend told me she wanted to invite them to our little hangout. Because I am the main connection between our friends and them, I had to do the inviting, which I was completely fine with. Throughout the whole day she won't stop texting about how excited she is. However, as the day went on, I kind of realized I wanted our last day to just be us girls. Normally I wouldn't change the whole plan like this, but I talked to another one of my roommates and she completely agreed with me. So we both decided to talk to the original roommate to maybe modify the plan a bit. It didn't go well IMO. We got back to the room together, and I texted my roommate: "I kinda want to talk about tomorrow". To my surprise, she texted me back: "We don't have to invite the bois, it cld just be us." I thought this was a sign that she was ok with it just being us...because she said so without me even asking about it in the first place. For some reason we were in the same room and texting each other, so I'm like "let's just talk in person!" This is how the conversation basically went:  &#x200B;  Me: Yeah, like you texted, I think it would be nice to maybe keep it smaller and keep it to just us, since we haven't done that in awhile and I miss it. Is that ok?  Her: Sure, I don't really care either way. Like it doesn't matter to me.  Me: Ok cool, so you're sure you're fine with this? Because I know you were excited, but it might be better this way and me and \[other roommate\] kind of agree.  Her: Yeah I don't care. I mean I wanted to have them over because we aren't going out and I wanted it to be like a party. It would have been iconic, but I know I'm overruled so it doesn't matter.  Me (realizing from her tone of voice that I'm disappointing her): Actually, I get that. Maybe we can have them over for a bit later? I can still ask if you want.  Her: No, don't ask them just to appease me. If you don't want them to be here, be straight up. It doesn't matter to me.  Me: Ok...  &#x200B;  On paper this conversation looks fine, but after we talked she has been very quiet with me. She hasn't texted me all day, and we are very close, so usually she sends me a meme like every 5 seconds. But there has been nothing. I look on her snap story and she makes a post about how much she misses her best friend from home, which she does usually when she's angry with me. Basically there's tension and my other roommate feels it too. There's definitely a conflict. AITA?
e8g29u	I always see people say "mobile, excuse formatting" so there's that disclaimer. Always looks fine to me, although that's probably because I'm exclusively a mobile user.   My family, fiance, and I picked a venue for our wedding. We were lucky to get anything with the timeline/date we were looking at, but we found a nice lodge that worked well for us. Our parents are paying for the wedding and put down a sizable, non-refundable deposit.   Recently, I start seeing news articles about plantation weddings, all about how glorifying plantations is awful and partying on those grounds is repugnant. My first feeling is total agreement. My second feeling is that of my heart falling into my stomach. I live in the south. What are the chances that this lodge housed slaves?  Pretty good, as it turns out. I had to go about four websites deep to find it, but there it was.  Yes, I should have known. Yes, I should have done my homework before hand. I'm extremely upset about my thoughtlessness and think I know how the verdict on this post will turn out, but I have to ask before I cancel this wedding and empty my coffers to pay our parents back the deposit-  WIBTA to have my wedding as planned, at a former plantation house? I'm hesitant to give details about the date but what I'll say is this: A lot of arrangements have been made, but I don't think it's impossible to cancel.    Send me all the hate mail you want, I'm right there with you.
e8fnuw	Throwaway because she knows my main username.  This is a fresh cut, but I feel like I need some perspective before it gets more out of hand than it already has. I(M27) came out to my girlfriend(F30) this morning, and it didn't go well. We've been dating for five years, and have been talking about marriage recently,  looking for rings, have both found lucrative and comfortable jobs, and have been generally really happy.  Making a life story short, I grew up in catholic schools for my entire school career besides trade school, and then went into the trades out of high school. I've known I also have an attraction to men since as long as I can remember, but wasn't ready to tell anyone out of guilt/resentment/job security/a huge variety of other reasons. It's actually even weird to type here, because I've never said this anonymously either. The longer I waited, the worse I felt about telling anyone. I had a couple private flings with men in my early 20s, but have publicly been in relationships with women, so it's easy and understandable to assume I'm straight.   Anyway, after psyching myself up and telling myself that it was better late than never, I decided that my gf would understand, support me, and perhaps give me confidence to tell more people. She was instead incredibly hurt by this admission, and instead of a supportive shoulder after the deluge of emotional baggage tied to me telling this to someone, she was immediately cold to me. She told me that she had disclosed to me all of her deepest, most vulnerable secrets, and it was hurtful that I hadn't reciprocated that. She said that me being gay wasn't a big deal, but didn't really seem interested in why me coming out was such a huge and vulnerable thing for me, and seemed to instead focus on what me coming out this late in our relationship made her feel. It seems like to repair this and make it right, I'm going to have to genuinely apologize for not telling her sooner, something I just don't feel like I should have to do. I love her, and I feel guilty for making her upset and making her feel like our relationship was somehow uneven, and I guess in that respect it actually was.   To clarify, this would functionally change nothing in our relationship, I didn't plan on breaking our exclusive relationship, or experimenting, I've just kept this inside for so long, and needed to tell someone.  Am I an asshole for not telling her sooner? Am I an asshole for not feeling like I should have to apologize for not doing so?
e8fkzg	Hello,  &#x200B;  My boyfriend, Mark and I have been together for a couple years and are trying to move in together.  We don't have a date or anything that we plan to move in together but I just signed a lease on a house I'm renting and Mark's lease on his apt is up soon so we've talked about him moving in with me.  I have a 4 year old dog Reggie who I love dearly and he gets along great with Mark.  Mark loves him too and when Mark is over, Reggie won't leave his side.    Mark is a big cat person and has always wanted a cat of his own.  I'm not a cat person at all - I had a cat when I was younger and have lived with roommates with cats and I've just never liked them as pets.  An important note is also that Reggie does not like cats, either.  I had a roommate with a cat and it would constantly be in hiding because unless I was around to prevent it, Reggie would scare the cat away and would act aggressive toward it.  Last week Mark bought a cat because he's always wanted a cat of his own since having one as a kid while growing up.  This upsets me because he knows I don't like cats, especially with Reggie being so aggressive toward them.  I told Mark how upset I am and he says I'm being insensitive and I'm too stubborn.  I feel like this is a step backwards in our relationship since I really don't want him to bring a cat with him when he moves in, making me think twice about him moving in now.  &#x200B;  Am I being an asshole here?
e8fk0t	Me and my roommate are best friends and we're super good. I haven't said anything to his girlfriend which they've been together for over a year and live in separate places. She stays over a few nights a week typically, they make dinner about the same, and she showers before she goes to work. No big deal.   &#x200B;  However, her place is falling apart. Her roommates and herself are all scrambling to get out because of mold and other various reasons. So for the past week or two she's been staying over 5 or 6 nights a week. Pretty much living here, showering and leaving her dog here and they told me the other day she's going to stay here for 3 weeks until her and her roommates can move into their new place.      He didn't or she didn't ask if it was okay. they just kinda did it. They've kept me in the loop for her housing situation but this just sorta happened. If anything me and her are more neutral than friends. Say pleasantries to each other but haven't really had a connection and I don't really care to try either.      WIBTA if I asked them to put in her fair share of her staying over for basically 4-5 weeks rent free and utilities?
e8f64n	Brief background. My sister and she were friends for decades. My sister passed two years ago. Her best friend is LITERALLY sleeping at my mom's 2-3 days at a time.   I'm not over my sister's passing. That happens when you don't get to say goodbye, or I'm sorry. Or I love you. So, even if I am the asshole, go tell a family member that you love them. You don't know when it'll be too late to do it.   We're celebrating by going to the Getty Villa. I thought it was just going to be my mom, me, my little sister, and my little sister's kids. Turns out Best Friend is going.   Best friend has tons of drama, and that's coming from someone who also has lots of goddamn drama. She lives in Los Vegas, so she drives down to San Bernadino every 2 to 3 days, and stays with my mom 2 to 3 days, then goes home. Edit: That trip she takes is in my mom's car. Pays for gas, and that's it. She's started calling my mom "Mom" and her son calls my mom "Grandma". The kid is 12. Best friend had a shit home life, undoubtedly. But it seems like she's clinging to my mom because there's a hole in my mom's life without my sister.   Anytime I invite my mom out, she'll say we have to bring Best Friend, because she needs someone to watch her. She's 45. She doesn't need watching.   I feel like this trip is my last goddamn straw. We can't do ANYTHING but that this chick is there. I lost a sister, I'm not trying to replace her. My mom even ASKED me how I felt about her being around all the time, so I told her the truth, it's irritating. She's IRRITATING. Really loud, and very abrasive. Come to think of it, she really was like my sister.  I want us to just have a family thing. The family I grew up with, my mom, my sisters, and me, no hangers-on.   My sister and me, we were treated pretty badly by my mom, so our experiences were shared. I feel like every time this girl opens her mouth about my sister, I want to scream at her that she didn't know my sister. She was one of the people who didn't show up to my sister's 16th birthday party. I remember that. My sister had NO friends on her birthday.   I feel like my mom needs her around, though. Like maybe if the best friend hangs around, it'll be like my sister didn't die.   I dunno. I already feel like an asshole. I mean, I am an asshole. A lot. But I don't want to believe I'm an asshole because I don't want my sister to be replaced.
e8f5pl	I live with my mom, my stepdad, and my younger brother. I like my stepdad and don't have a problem with him, but I don't think of him as my dad. He and my mom asked me if I wanted my stepdad to adopt me. I said yes at first, but when they started talking to a lawyer and I learned more about what an adoption meant, I decided I don't want to.   I think it would be disrespecting the memory of my real dad, who was a good dad when he was alive, by pretending that someone else is my dad. Saying that my stepdad is my dad would be like faking my life. Also, I don't think this will happen but if my mom and stepdad got divorced before I'm 18, they would probably have shared custody and I'd be forced to visit or live with my stepdad. If they did get divorced, I'd rather not be forced by a judge to see my stepdad. My mom told me it would be easier for my stepdad to take me to the doctor or handle things with school, but I don't want that. It would actually be really weird. I asked my mom to not tell my stepdad about medical stuff because it's embarrassing, so I really wouldn't want him to be able to talk to my doctor or my teachers by himself.  Would I be an asshole if I told them I changed my mind and I didn't want to be adopted even though they got their hopes up and already started seeing a lawyer? I wouldn't tell them that I'm afraid of them getting divorced because I think that would hurt their feelings.
e8eyou	This has happened a few times now. I see parents or grandparents walking with strollers, or when I am in an elevator, shopping or wherever. They are baby talking to the kid, and let's say I am in a close proximity, some of them constantly keep looking at me hoping I would say something sweet or nice. When I am in a really really nice mood.. I politely say "cute baby" or something lame. But most of the times, I just ignore and sheepishly stare at my phone? AITA for doing so?   I do this with pets too..
e8egld	This is actually an issue that my wife (F25) and I (F26) have already talked through and resolved, but we are now both curious about what other people would think of this situation.  Story: My wife and I got married a few months ago. We had a small intimate ceremony attended by the closest people in our lives. On my side, this was my mom (single mom, so dad wasn't there) and my 7 closest friends, some of whom I have known since middle school/high school. On her side, it was her family which was around 22 people.  We had a wedding photographer take pictures throughout our wedding. He was really thoughtful and great to work with! Throughout our wedding day, he made sure to get individual photos of us with our important people. For example, we have photos of us posing with my group of friends, us with her immediate family, us with her extended family, us with my mom, etc. Overall, it was a very positive experience and I couldn't be happier that we were able to share it with this group of people in our lives.  After the wedding, my friends who attended the wedding expressed several times that they couldn't wait to see the wedding photos that have them in the shot (eg. our group shots). So after our photographer sent us all our finished wedding photos, I went through them to pick out the photos that have my friends in them and sent them to my friends (edit: they were digital copies of the photos, which I sent via email). They were super excited to be able to see the final shots.   I was chatting with my wife and brought up the fact that I had sent my friends the photos. She got *really* upset which I was very taken aback by. She asked me why I would do something like that and that it sucks that I sent them the photos.   We talked it out and ultimately, this is her perspective: 1) She thinks it’s highly abnormal for couples to send photos from their wedding to friends. She expected from the beginning that we would not send the photos to anyone and would only share them by posting on our own social media. 2) She feels that she looked ugly in all except two of the photos, so she hates the fact my friends now have some photos that include her in the shot.   My perspective was that I think it’s very normal for couple to send photos of their wedding to friends, especially because these are the same friends of mine who attended our wedding. She’s mentioned in the past that she thinks she looked ugly in the photos (which I always refute), but she’s also posted our wedding photos on her social media, she’s showed the pictures to her family/my mom, and our photographer & his affiliates have promoted our photos on social media. So it also never even occurred to me that sending the photos to my friends would be any different from posting them on social media ourselves.   We’ve already talked it out and resolved it, but we are wondering AITA for sending the pics to them? 
e8eech	I’m visiting my mom for her birthday and am getting over a nasty cold bug that’s lasted quite a while. Being sick for so long has made me paranoid about flu season, so I’m going to get the vaccine once I’m fully recovered.   When I mentioned this and suggested she should get it too, she cited news reports saying there were people having adverse reactions. When I said a bigger number were getting sick and dying, she said she’d never gotten it before and was probably not going to be sick and then said part of her stronger immunity was due to our ethnicity (lol, I know, wtffffff).   I think she was just reacting defensively though since I was starting to get annoyed at her reluctance to get it - my main concern being that she’s 65+ and in one of the more vulnerable age groups.   In any case, it was getting heated so I told her rather curtly I wouldn’t press the issue anymore bc she would never change her mind unless the flu happened to her directly or someone she knew. (Could have been nicer here but was getting annoyed.) We changed the subject and moved on to happier topics.   That being said, I have my doubts re: dropping the issue bc it’s related to health but it also feels incredibly futile to try and change her mind.   So... AITA for dropping the issue completely and not trying more persistently to persuade her to get the flu shot when I’m convinced she’s at risk for something potentially fatal?
e8ec5v	An earthquake has recently hit someplace far away from us and our apartment building was also affected.  It was one of the biggest we've ever experienced but keep in mind that thats not exactly saying a lot.  Nothing was broken and nothing bad happened to us and the walls in our house are fine. Like i said the earthquake was bad,but not for our town.  The rest after that are all light shaking. During this mu dad left for austria for a bussines trip. My mom is now petrified of sleeping alone in her bed and claims it is because of the earthquake.  I say claimed because everytime my dad leaves for somewhere, even if its for a day or two we always have to sleep at our grandmas.  Which is very far away from our house and my brothers school. I am very annoyed by this since their house is very messy and cluttered, everything everywhere is sticky.  I have to do my homework in the kitchen along with my brothers instead of using my room. And i can pretty much forget about any form of entertainment.  And me, my brother, and my mom have to share a not very big bed for an entire week.  How can tell my mom that i think her fear is stupid and unrealistic. Our hometown was not affected one bit because thats not where the earthquake hit.  Would i be the asshole if i told her this or should i just stay for the entire week.  My problem isnt as inportant as some of the others in this subreddit but it felt valid enough to post here.  I am 13 just so you know.
e8dxs6	I have a friend Cameron (names changed) who I love with all of my heart. He has depression and anxiety and it's like pulling teeth to get him to come and hang out. However, if we don't try hard enough to convince him to come he'll be upset and think we don't want him there. The thing is he is perfectly fine when he hangs out with us and has a pretty good time, but I feel like he's filled to the brim with anxiety when we try to convince him to come. He'll come up with various excuses as to why he cannot leave his house. He'll get upset (with himself) when he sees Snapchat stories of us all having fun without him and regret saying no and then ask if its too late for someone to get him and sometimes it is because we already started drinking. All of us usually consists of me, my boyfriend, my 2 roommates and their boyfriends, and another friend.  He also has a phobia of driving and has never had his licence so one of us always has to pick him up and he also is uncomfortable using Lyft or Uber. If he *does* come he wants to go home the same night but we usually drink and I won't let my friends leave if they drink a lot. I don't like drinking and driving.   It takes like 4 of us to encourage him that he'll be fine and it takes like an hour for him to finally give in and say okay.  I know it sounds like a validation post because I try hard but I'd feel like an asshole if I don't try as hard as I usually do because its not his fault he has anxiety but I've just been getting impatient with it.
e8d336	This idea just went down like a tonne of bricks so here I am coming to the crowd for judgement. Usual disclaimer for being on mobile and poor grammar.   So, the context. .. I've (23, M) been with my partner (24, F) for 2.5 years, we moved in together a year ago. She's currently going through her 2nd (and final) year of a midwifery course and I work in sales. We're together for the long term and have made that commitment to each other for some time now.   I'm a little lost as to what to do career wise at the moment and have been down because of it. I've explored retraining somewhat within my industry and new roles. The idea of both don't interest me and I'd like to push the restart button somewhat. I've always wanted to go traveling and at the end of the year will have the funds to do so.   The plan I have concocted is to go away in Feb for 3 months, travel South East Asia, maybe teach a bit of English and then come home. I presented this plan to my partner this evening as she's got quite upset with me for the following reasons:   - You've spent the last 5 years of your life drinking and partying why do you need to go away for three months to do that?   -None of my friends partners want to spend a load of time away from them.   - I've got my degree to finish (which I help with essay structure and proof reading) and I need your support.   - We agreed to go travelling together, why do you need to go alone?   My response is that, I intend to use the time traveling to reflect rather than party, potentially do some courses I've bought and experience new cultures. Not saying it will be three months of sobriety but just a different trip to the one 18 year old me might have enjoyed. That we've barley spent a week apart since I moved in and we both should be comfortable with medium lengths of time apart, it's a healthy thing. And that I fully intend to go traveling again once she graduates and we can save together for another adventure!  So judges of reddit, AIBAA?  Edit: Worth adding something about our financial situation as its been mentioned a few times.  1) We live together in a self contained flat in her mother's house. I pay 100% of the rent however it is heavily subsidised. I will continue to pay this (or a portion of it if I can agree that with my landlord/her mother) whilst I am away.   2) I currently pay for everything as Isabel is a student and I take home a good salary. Food, drinks, holidays etc. has always been me.
e8d0u9	I live with a roommate and we've been close friends for years now. Since I've moved in with him I haven't had any time where I have true solitude. I used to have tons of free time where I could be alone for days, but now due to my living status I have almost no time to spend alone. As a result I get anxious and just want to be left alone so whenever I have a couple of days off from work I pack a back pack and leave town to do whatever: visit museums, spend time with nature, etc. My friend keeps badgering me about how I need to give him a warning to prepare for some reason as well as borderline interrogating me where I am going and why I am leaving. I wouldn't really care except this is the only thing that's really private that I even have left and it's something I tend to do on impluse rather than plan out. I don't see why it's much his business what I am doing so long as I'm: paying rent on time, am not doing anything illegal, or not doing anything dangerous
e8cyi7	My girlfriend was over on the weekend and we were having quite a bit of sexy-time.   Today she tells me she has a UTI, and that it’s my fault because of the sex.  I said sorry. Feeling that wasn’t enough I sent her this poem hoping we could laugh off an awkward situation: I gave my girl an infection Right in her lady-parts section She’s annoyed while at work Now I feel like a jerk I guess next time I’ll be wearing protection   She accused me of making fun of her and it’s really only made things worse. AITI?
e8b1of	Here it goes: neighbor and I have recently discussed putting in a new shared fence because the current one is old/ falling apart. For context, we’ve been in the house almost a year, and we have gotten to know the neighbors well, They are good people, and we have a good relationship with them.  When we signed the mortgage papers( about a yr ago) we were informed that the current fence we share with said neighbors is not on the correct property line. It is about 3-4 feet too far to our side. We didn’t address it at the time because we were already at the signing papers stage, and we didn’t think it was that big of a deal at the time.   Fast forward to living in the house almost a year - we’ve come to realize how useless that side yard along the shared fence really is. It’s very narrow and basically useless. Another 3-4 ft may not sound like much, but it would allow us to fit a decent size shed which we greatly need to store lawn equipment, etc.   Here’s the tricky part - neighbor’s side yard is also fairly narrow but they do have enough space for a shed. If we were to ask them to move the fence to the correct property line, there is a possibility their shed would no longer “fit” in a useable way.  (May be difficult to access)  I know I have a legal right to move the fence to the correct property line, and it would be an added convenience for us. But, it has the potential to negatively affect the neighbors which might negatively affect our relationship. I’ve never discussed the fact that the fence is not on the correct property line with them, so I’m not even sure if they are aware. Although, they really “should” be aware because I’m sure they have a copy of their survey as well.   I don’t know, WIBTA?
e8ays9	*Using a throwaway because my friends know my main account. Sorry for my poor grammar. English it's not my first language.  My (37M) wife (37F) moved from her home country to be with me 3 years ago. She never worked before and went to University here. I share my finances with her and pay for everything since the time she moved here. I barely take any vacation because of my work pressure whereas she went on some trips to other country etc. She recently (since August) started working. Even though she is highly educated than me, because of the fields that we are in I make almost 4x more than her. She is unhappy about her pay and many times mentioned about the difference in our pay and qualifications. She was very unhappy when she received her first pay cheque.  She transfers all her salary to clear her education loan in her home country, which is something I suggested and both of us decided that it's the best thing to do. BTW, her school cost in our country (which I paid for, no conditions) is almost similar to her loan from before. She even bought a laptop for her mother recently as soon as she got her first salary.  I recently mentioned that it would mean a lot to me if she would've at least taken me out for a coffee and paid for it with her card. Not in monetary value but just as a symbolic act of sharing her hard earned money with me. I asked her if that ever occurred to her? For which, she said that her salary makes her unhappy and that I needed to ask her clearly if I wanted something from her etc. This kind of really made me unhappy and sad.  AITA for expecting her to take me out and expressing my unhappiness when she was completely callous about it?
e8arv6	So, my parents got divorced when I was 13, they split up without any issue and I am close to both my mother and my father and they live about 20 minutes from each other and I can go to either one as I please pretty much.  Now in comes John, the guy my mom is dating. She met John about 1 year and 5 months ago and they have been dating ever since, I knew about this but I had never met John as I think my mom did not want me to meet him until she was certain there was a future and all of that.  Now this finally changed about 2 months ago, she brought John home and had him meet me. Now John seems like a friendly guy, I have no issue with him and I figured I'd have to be nice and accepting and all of that not to make my mom look bad so well that is what I did, I spend some time with him, asked him about his life and all of that so the first meeting went just fine.  After this I met John a few more times, he invited my mom to have lunch with him and asked if I wanted to come along that sort of stuff and I did not want to be rude so accepted. Now things like this kept happening over a 1 month period where John would invite me along, I would try to be nice and all of that.  Then about a month ago my mom came to my room to talk to me and asked me if I liked John, I said he seems nice. She said she is very happy we are getting along so well because John asked her to marry him and will be moving in with us. Now I sort of shut down at this point, like having a guy I barely know move in? I know this would have happened eventually but it seems like it makes sense to first you know, create a relationship before forcing me to live with this guy? But regardless I figured him moving in would be after the marriage and there would be a lot of time to get to know the guy, nope, he moved in the next day.  Ever since he moved in I have been avoiding him, I am not rude or anything like that but to me he is a stranger living in my home and it makes me feel really on edge. My mom keeps trying to get me to spend time with John asking me to watch a movie with her and then inviting John as well and my mom leaving the room because she "Had to get some more groceries" that sort of stuff. Also John started to try and "Parent" me telling me to tidy up my room and shit like that, now my room is tidy, I am not 10 and he is not my parent so I told him to sod off in a nice way  After a month of this I told my mom I am going to be moving in with my dad and well she started crying and asked me why and I figured it was best to just be honest and told her because a stranger was living in the house. She got mad at me and said she thought I like John to which I replied by saying I hardly know John and she said that is because I make no effort to get to know him.  I had to remove some stuff because the post was too long, sorry.
e8a4d6	Lots of odd details to this but I'll try to be succinct.  I work at a small (15 ppl) direct service non profit for children, over the years I have come to know that about 5 of the people there are heathen/wiccan, a couple are Christian and a few are atheist while I am a theistic luciferian but no one knows.  The 5 that are into occult know through conversation that I am experienced in ritual magick and have asked me to lead a solstice ritual with them.  I have given subtle hints that I am of a different spirituality, i.e in a conversation about performing curses saying I dont mind as do what thou willt shall be the whole of the law, or that I've worked with daemons.  I'm not too keen on explicitly talking about my spirituality as I know the person who asked me to lead the ritual is a bit of a gossip and feel that were my spirituality to get around there may be workplace repercussions.  So WIBTA if I lead the ritual without disclosing my beliefs?  Edit with some additional info:  The ritual would be at someone's house not the workplace but everyone in attendance would be co workers.  I was asked to write the ritual and it is some energy work, shadow work, and a fire spell.  So not necessarily wiccan but isnt non demoninational.  They asked me to help because I have done this before not necessarily because I'm wiccan.
e8a1js	So, I came out of the closet a few months ago, and my family took it VERY well. Especially my dad. Let me start by saying that I think of my dad as a hero. He's a great guy who has always been there for me when I needed it.   The thing that bothers me though, is the fact that he tells people about my sexuality whenever the subject comes up. Usually, I don't see this as much of an issue, since I know he does it because he's so proud of me, but recently I have been getting a little worried as I know there are people in the family that will not approve of it.     The reason why this bothers me so much is that I know my father has the tendency to let things slip if he's excited about them, and I don't want the homophobes of the family to figure out what's going on, because it will cause a lot of tension on the family.   So WIBTA if I ask my dad to stop telling people about my sexuality, fearing the ones that do not approve find out about it?  Edit: thanks for all the responses! This definitely cleared things up for me. I will discuss the issue with my dad later tonight. I'm sure he'll understand when I explain things to him. Again, thank you kind strangers!  UPDATE:  So, me and my dad had a chat about the issue, and fortunately, he understands why him telling everyone bothers me, even if it wasn't his intention to make me uncomfortable in the first place. Having taken that into consideration, he promised me not to do it again unless he has my permission, and knowing him, he will keep his word. Safe to say this has a happy ending to it, haha.   Thanks again for the comments and support. I really appreciate it.
e89thi	I go to college full time, live in said (small) college town and it's hard to find entry level jobs around here because of the competition for them. I have this kush server job during the summer that makes a ton of money easily and I'm trying to stay afloat until it opens for the season again. I took another job for $9/hr with commission doing sales. That leaves me at two jobs actively being employed at. I've never done sales, am getting desperate for money, and figured I have something to learn here as I've never learned that trade.   I have a lot of service experience (bartending, serving) and no serving job panned out for me, so I desperately accepted this sales job because I'm running short on money quickly. I accepted the job offer and got put on the schedule (haven't started training yet). Last night I got a text message from a potential employer at a supper club asking if I'd like to meet for a bartending job.  Now I'm not sure what to do because I know I can bartend and make money, but it would be inconsistent money. I am scheduled to work 7 days a week on top of school, but I know I can get an idea of what my paychecks look like. I'm worried I'll get burned out real quick and should take the bartending gig instead and work less days a week. Later this evening is my first day of training, WIBTA if I suddenly quit the newly accepted job and did bartending instead?
e89s5u	throwaway/mobile disclaimer.  I (24F) got a tattoo when I was about 21, that a good friend of mine designed. They are an artist and I commissioned the piece because I wanted something specific and wanted to help out a friend with their business. Now, I love the tattoo don’t get me wrong, but it’s a little bit of a stereotypical tattoo. Let’s pretend it’s a cabin scene with trees behind it, that’s not exactly what it is but it’s analogous. So now I’d like to get the trees removed because I feel like that’s the part that is “stereotypical” and that many people have tattoos of trees. I also don’t really love them. Not that they’re designed badly or that the tattoo artist did a bad job, because neither is the case. If I remove them, I’m left with the cabin scene which is the part I really love about the tattoo. Since my friend designed it, would it be an asshole move to get that part of it removed? I’d still be leaving about 75% of the tattoo intact. For the record, the part I want to remove is rather lightly shaded and I believe it would remove easily. WIBTA?
e88iwr	First time posting here, hope I can explain this situation properly. Firstly: I think I would be the asshole..  So my mum was a single mum (I have a sister who is 15 years older, so moved out when I was 3) ever since then it was pretty much just my mum and I. She did have a longterm boyfriend but not anymore. She chose to stop talking to the rest of the family because she doesn’t get along with them and some things happened. Three years ago I was an AuPair on the other side of the world. It was one of the best experiences of my life and If I could i would move there tomorrow. I’m still studying. The last three years I flew over to my hostfamily and spend Christmas with them (Christmas because it’s the only time they have leave from work and I have holidays from uni). Last year I promised my mum that after two years away I would spend Christmas with her. She ended up offering to fly over to my hostfamily with me so we would spend Christmas all together. I agreed and was over the moon. However she doesn’t speak their language and didn’t enjoy it as much as I did. But I kept my promise and we spent Christmas together. Keep in mind it was her idea so she knows how important my hostfamily is to me (to me my „real“ family and hostfamily are equally important as a side note). This year mainly because of financial reasons I told my mum I’d stay here for Christmas and also because I thought I owe it to her.  Now my hostfamily made the offer to pay for my flights, I could leave a few days after Christmas (so I’d spend Christmas with my mum and leave two days later). My hostfamily is not rich but just bought a house and we have a history of renovating houses together so they offered I could help and in return they pay for my flights.   Now at first I didn’t consider the offer because i felt guilty for leaving my mum. But now I’m thinking: It’s my life and something I really want to do. I know my mum raised me and has done everything for me, but she makes me feel like I owe her for the rest of my life.  And after thinking about it I do consider accepting the offer and leaving just after Christmas. But everybody I’ve talked to (apart from my hostfamily of course) said I’m the asshole. And now I don’t know what to do and am in need of help from strangers lol.
e88ac6	The guy told me and another friend about his crush, and then asked me to tell the girl that he likes her. The girl figured out who the guy was and I had told only my  best friend about it. Last Saturday I found that the girl told about it to a few of her friends.  Today I was talking about it with my friend and another friend and a few more guys heard it and forced me to tell about it. And then the news spread and almost every boy knows about this. The thing is the guy doesn't know as he wasn't present in school, and he thinks the girl likes him too(she doesn't). Now this wouldn't be much of a problem, as it hashappened to many buddies before, but this guy is a bit sensitive and doesn't handle things like that easily. I think I am to blame for it and dont want him to do anything stupid.  I know this is not that serious but it's lingering in my mind and I can't stop thinking.
e8869c	Well, I’m a sixteen year old girl, and I’m from Brazil. I moved to japan when I was 13. And then, in 2017 (I was 14), I went to Brazil with my family to visit my grandma(and grandpa, aunt and etc). And then, someday, I borrowed my aunt slippers because I went to her house using high wheels and it was hurting my feet. And when I was about to leave the house with my parents, I forgot about the slippers I was using and almost passed the front door using it, until my grandma said “you’re with your aunt slippers” And as a normal person, I said “oh, sorry, I forgot” And then my aunt came from nowhere and “It’s okay, take it and give me back tomorrow” But I responded with “No, it is yours, I can give you back now” And then everyone stared at me. I was like, what happen?????? And my dad said “WHY YOURE SO RUDE WITH YOUR AUNT???” And she responded “no *my dad name’s*, it is okay, when she ask me for presents, she’s nice” Like, wt*   And I’m thinking about it until now, like, am I the asshole for telling her  “No, it is yours” ????? I don’t think it sounds rude, I just though that it was better to give her slippers back at that time because I was going to forget to return it on the next day.
e87ue6	My best friend, I'll call her Bf, is always hung up on one thing or another. This is fine, I'm always telling her that it's cool to express her love of whatever and I won't judge. Here's the thing, Bf is a huge bandwagon fan, she jumps on anything the moment it gets popular or she find that she is the only one in our group of friends not into it. Bf has ruined shows for me in the past, she just spoils them by talking about them until everything about said show cheeses me off. She obsesses so much about the things she likes it kills all the love I have or would have had for it.   She will take something like a favorite show or cartoon and blow it up. Talking about it non stop or marathoning anything she can find that is remotely related to it, following it on social media, and blowing it up on discord. I feel like an asshole everytime I have to squash the urge to roll my eyes at her overwhelming enthusiasm. Sometimes I can actually see my friends visage deflate when she realizes I'm not as excited as she is.      I've tried talking to my mother and other friends about it, but they think I'm over reacting for even being slightly annoyed which could be true as I'm known for being impatient with people. Usually I can be civil about it and just keep myself occupied. Her insessant chatter can get a little annoying but I try not to hold it against her or let it get to me...except when it comes to things I liked first. Then I'll speak up and say something. I know it's probably hella petty, but when you've heard the same damn Heathers songs six times in the same day . . . I told Bf that we could NOT be friends if she ruined my favorite song for me, so that's the one song she never plays.      I love and respect Bf, she's very compliant most of the time too. Still because I don't want to get into it with her (because it's always me who initiates things) I've started hording all of the things I like. Especially if it's something I know she really likes. I don't want to come off like a hypocrite, so I only fangirl occationally when I'm excited (and I don't expect her to be) and I try to consult other friends outside of our group about my interests. Am I the Asshole?
e87qm2	I (27F) have been seeing this new guy (29M) for a couple of months now. For some context, I'm a fat girl and have always had body issues. That's on me, since I've been with multiple guys and they and other people have always told me I'm pretty.  The thing is, I've come to recently realize that this guy has never ever said a compliment, not a simple "you look nice today". I've never told him before that I'm not good at believing compliments but he does know that I have physical issues.  Last night I was supposed to sleep over at his place after I went to a play, but I asked him to drop me home first to change into something more comfortable. When we were about to leave I wanted to go back to put on some mascara (I had cleaned all my make up) and when he asked why I said "I don't know, I just want to look beautiful for you" in a very shy voice since I felt kinda embarrassed for it. I was expecting the obvious answer here but all he said was that why did I take it out then. (This is just the lastest example of a few).  At this point I'm feeling upset but I know I have nothing to be angry about. Later, we run into a neighbor of his and he comments about how dressed up she looks because he never saw her in nice clothes or make-up before. Of course, that triggered me a bit and I commented how he didn't say anything when he picked me up from the theatre as I was all dressed up (I'm a t-shirt and jeans kind of girl). He told me he was only surprised about me wearing heels.  When we go to bed, I just couldn't hold it anymore and remarked how he has never said anything nice about me in two whole months besides giving good b-jobs. He asks if that's something I want him to say and I tell him it's not that I want him to, since I'm probably not going to believe it (at least at this point), but that it's just weird that he doesn't. A couple minutes later he calls me "pretty" for the first time. That really annoyed me. He gets upset and says "what's the point in saying it if you are not going to believe me anyway?", and I told him that if he never says anything in two months and the first time he does is right after I complain about it, it makes sense that it sounds forced. Things got awkward and he asked me if we could talk about this "tomorrow". I told him we don't have to, and I meant it since I know this is just stupid and childish and I'm trying not to create drama.  I really feel dumb for bringing this up again and I'm trying not to be upset about such a silly thing. But I still feel upset about it and it's making me feel like he is just settling for me because he feels comfortable around me and it covers the human need for affection, but I don't get the feeling that he thinks I'm attractive and it's making me feel awful.  So, AITA for complaining about him not complaining me and WIBTA if I bring this up again?
e86z4h	I got married to my husband four years ago. One of my life goals was to live out of state or out of country for a little while — additionally, I always was interested in joining the Peace Corps although I put that on the back burner for later. Since we got married, my husband and I have been talking about moving away but haven’t taken steps to do so. My husband wants either one of us to have a good paying job before we move; my point is to move somewhere with some savings, then look for work. Neither one of us is wrong, but at this point, I’m seriously considering joining the Corps for both personal and professional reasons. My husband is totally fine with it and encouraging of me to live my dream. However, when I tell others, they give me weird looks and make comments that make me feel like I’m the asshole for leaving my husband for two years.   Td;lr: I want to join the Peace Corps but I’m married. WIBTA if I left my husband and moved away for two years?  WIBTA if I left him to pursue something I want for two years?
e86x4b	Ok, so this just happened. It's 1:30am. I had just finished up the background of a painting I'm doing for my friend, and sat down to eat, then I was planning on going to bed. I usually leave my front window cracked and a lamp on to help my paintings dry while I'm awake.  I had just finished my meal and was about to start turning off lights and closing windows to go to bed, when I heard a knock at the door. It startled me a bit, so I took my time answering. I open the door and there's this young preteen/teenage boy on my patio. Total stranger, but seemed like a sweet kid. He asked if I could give him a ride to the 24/7 pharmacy down the street to pick up his sick mother's medicine.   I lied and told him I had already gone to bed, but the truth is my tags are out on my car and I didn't wanna be out this late. AITA?
e86snj	The kids have lived with me and extended family for 8 years after the mother left for another state. She died of a drug overdose and I can’t find the courage to tell them. I feel like they are too young yet if I wait until they are older they will hold a lot of resentment towards me.
e85wmb	17(M) Basically today we went on a family trip to a town and it was really fun. When we got home we were exhausted cause we were all day out and got home at 10pm, straight thing to do is bed cause I feel like im gonna collapse. I was about to go to sleep when the urge of pee forced me out of my bed at 12am, when I go to the bathroom I see mom on the bathroom too, (we both have Irritable Bowel Syndrome) naturally I go check on her to see if shes ok or not. When I got there she wasnt feeling too good but its kinda normal with our conditions. Tho mom has various more conditions than I do so its worse for her, right noe she has hemorroids and she bled, luckily shes going to the doctor tomorrow.   Now heres the problem: Mom asks me out of the blue to see If I could check if she had hemorroids. With our conditions its normal for us to talk about it and other stuff but out of the blue ask that? I said "eeeeeh no" tho I offered her a solution which included me being slightly blind but holding a mirror so she could see. Bam problem solved but then she asks me if I can put some cream on her feet to help her with the pain (mom suffers from what we call in spanish: fibromialgia) I told her "Sorry but Im really exhausted, but if it continues tomorrow ill help ya" she said "No thanks" I offered her some water and she said "No thanks" and when I left she said "After the things Ive done for all of you" "Im going to treat you all like you treat me". Fair warning: this is translated from spanish to english so in englishbit might sound more horrible.  Some explanation: My is really great, shes just had a couple of rough years lately, we help her out but she gets on our nerves alot. Yes we have talked to her about it but it still continues cause the pain she suffers is unbearable sometime.  AITA?
e85w08	Neither my husband nor I are very religious, but we do celebrate Christmas. He is also a minimalist. Honestly, if he could live in the woods with nothing but one outfit and a toothbrush, I think he'd be perfectly content.   Every year for Christmas it's a bit of a battle. He's ok with me buying him a few gifts (and he's very generous.)   The issue is with my parents. They like to buy gifts. It makes them happy, and I want to see them happy. They ask us for Christmas lists every year, and he insists all he wants are gift cards so he can buy exactly what he wants and absolutely nothing more. I know my parents well and, if they're not given lists, they'll get a gift card, but then they'll buy other things that he may not like at all. Gift cards aren't actual gifts to my parents. "You have to have some ACTUAL presents," my mom always insists...  So, every year, when I give them my list, I also give them a list of ideas for him. They are things that he's mentioned over the year, things I know he'll like, and then I always throw a few gift cards on there as well.   Every year he gets so upset with me for giving my parents gift ideas (besides gift cards.) His family respects his wishes and, thinks I enable my parents. It makes my parents happy to give and he DOES always like what he's given! He never has any complaints after he has the gifts. It's just constant complaints before Christmas about getting stuff, and then the fight after Christmas when he asks how they knew just what to get him...   So, am I the asshole here for trying to help everyone get a little joy out of Christmas?
e85j5x	The problem is I feel like I don't even know my husband anymore. He works 5-6 days a week, 8am-9pm most days. He travels internationally and is gone at least a quarter of the year. By the weekend we are both exhausted so we don't do many fun family activities like pumpkin patches, christmas lights, going to the zoo etc. That is a rarity because we need to rest, do laundry, bills, etc, and prepare for the upcoming week.    We take a family vacation maybe every other year, something quickly thrown together by me because I insist we "do something as a family". Two and a half years ago it was Disneyland which we fortunately did just the four of us but only after convincing him that my FIL wouldn't be able to handle all the walking. Any other time he has taken off, with the exception of a half day for a doctor's appointment, was for a four day weekend and he invited his father to come stay with us (Labor day of this year and Christmas; Christmas last year and the Forth of July).    We used to live closer to his dad and he would visit 4-5 times a year always staying at our house because he lived 4 hours away. It bothered me then because it was like any potential quality time I could have had with my husband was taken up by my FIL. But I didn't rock the boat, I knew family was important so I never said anything. This was also before kids. Then three years ago we moved to the opposite coast and it's the same issue.    My FIL is getting up there in age. I get it. Husband wants to have as much time with him as he can. But is it wrong of me to feel jealous for it? To want that time to myself with just him and our young kids? To have some much needed family bonding? His Dad had him for the first 18 years of his life. Shouldn't I get a turn? Or am I being selfish? The time I do spend with him is not of quality. We are burned out and have very little positive interaction with each other, in fact, it's mostly arguments or communicating regarding groceries or our kids. We haven't had a "date night" in over 4 years.  I should mention that his dad is not willing to take care of our kids for a couple of hours while we go out to dinner while he stays with us. He has made it very clear he is "not comfortable" doing that.    Am I the asshole for telling him I don't want his dad coming out? I don't want to deny my children an opportunity to see their granddad whom they love very much but I need to reconnect with my husband and bond as a family of four. He also told his dad to come out before ever discussing it with me. This isn't a surprise as it's been this way every other time. He just works so much we rarely have face to face interactions and he found a convenient time to call his dad and get those plans rolling.    Tl;dr: Husband works so much the kids and I hardly ever see him. When he finally takes a few days off from work he invites his father to come stay with us, thus never giving us time to bond as an immediate family. AITA for being upset and wanting that time for just the four of us?   Edit to add: I am not close with my parents and my mother has only visited once and was supposed to come out over the summer but my husband dragged his feet and didn't get her a ticket in time.  I haven't pushed the issue of wanting her to come out because I wanted to focus on our marriage.
e84pvp	Hi Guys! So, maybe I am just being sensitive but just wanted an objective point of view because I know the problem could be me. I'll try to be as objective as possible in describing the situation.   I'm on vacation with friends. We went kayaking yesterday and I had a freak out that I am not treated fairly by them and treated as an afterthought. I explained this to a friend of mine when he asked what was wrong and explained that I felt like I was being treated like an afterthought. The freakout, honestly, was my fault because I chose to be on a kayak with a rando and we kinda sucked. I think the freakout was caused me just reflecting on things and thinking that I'm' always treated as a disposable person. You know the person who's just there to drive the car, go alone on the roller coaster, etc. You know the one who serves as a tool but nothing else. Like I said, the freakout was my fault and I take full responsibility. Nonetheless, I felt like that and kinda in a shit mood all day and it definitely  showed. I'm also kinda shy so I just stayed quiet most of the day.   Okay, so we go and explore downtown today and  I converse only when needed (usually I try to crack jokes unsuccessfully most of the times haha). We come back around 09:45, I drop them off and I go and return the rental car because we don't need it for the remaining 2 days. I tell them I'll be back in an hour and that's it. At 10:30 I get a text saying that they are going to a bar and if I want to meet them there. There was no, "hey, how far are you and should we wait for you?" I leave the message on read and I get back to the Airbnb at 10:37. They are still there and uber is 2 minutes away. I'm asked if I wanted to change quickly as uber is only 2 minutes away. I was already kinda mad at this point so I said nah I needed to clean up as we've been walking all day in downtown and I'm literally in shorts and a t-shirt. Uber gets delayed and when they are leaving I'm told "I hope you can make it". Mind you, I was already kinda mad from yesterday (my fault I admit) but this put me over the edge and I said I would've come if they had waited for me. They say ok and leave for the bar. I looked up the bar and it's open 24 hours so it's not like time is an issue. We don't really have anything planned for the morning so it's not like we need to leave and come back early.   So, now I'm in a bar, drinking and just needed to write this to vent a little. 2 more days remaining for the trip and I kinda feel like I've been proven right but I know this is a subjective experience. I'm also not the more confident person and I can say I am working thru some things so maybe I'm just overreacting (I know I did during the kayaking trip). Basically, AITA or am I just being too sensitive?
e84odo	Backstory:I am 2 years younger but and I hate to brag have always been better at anything sports related than him. This caused us to fight a lot as kids cause he wanted to be the big brother but couldn't really show me up.  Once we hit HS our relationship was really bad, I thought it was normal to go days without speaking with your sibling and when you do it led to a brawl. I was really close with this dude who had a brother with the same age gap but they were so much closer. We both did summer conditioning for football and my brother was on the varsity team as a junior but I don't remember him ever encouraging or pushing me. It was like he wanted me to fail, I saw my buddy and his brother pushing him every day to show up and work hard and I wish I had that. I had my buddies brother push me too and he enjoyed it. After conditioning I didn't want to one up my brother and do stuff to spite him I just wanted his approval cause even tho I am "better" than him and physical stuff I looked up to him and just wanted him to encourage me and for us to get along like my buddy and his brother. That just never happened and when I tore my ACL my sophomore year (I was on varsity at that point), I had to be rushed to the hospital and after the game my brother came to check on me and he didn't look sad or anything he looked like he was smiling. Most kids work hard to please their dads and such but for me I just wanted my big brother to be proud of me and encourage me once.  I am now 22 and played college ball but that went no where, I thought with my football dream kinda failing my brother would at least be happy at that. He's 24 and tho we don't fight I can still tell he hates me. It was recently thanksgiving and when it was just us since our parents go to bed early I flat out asked him why he hates me. He basically said what I thought its cause I'm better than him and he finds it hard to even look at me cause I've made him feel like a joke his entire life. I first apologized for him feeling that way but I was kinda miffed that the reason he hates me is cause of stuff as kids and me being better at sports than him. I said "get over yourself that was YEARS ago, all I wanted was for you to just encourage me once! I tried to be as kind as possible to you once I turned 15 and you always laughed in my face whenever I failed or messed up at anything. All I wanted was for us to be close and for us to support each other but you hate me for being better at a sport than you?! If I was a shitty little brother than you were a shitty big brother." He called me a dick and left our parent's house (our parents were already in bed and we were about to leave also).
e84k3z	Toss away account.   So I'll make this short and sweet without attempting to embellish either side.   My friend was showing me some funny memes on his group chat. None of them were of the inappropriate variety, till possibly the last the one.   It was a [picture of the snapchat with the "We ❤ homies with extra chromies"](https://www.reddit.com/r/FellowKids/comments/87iu7h/homies_with_extra_chromies/) poster from the middle or high school.   I laughed, my other friend got offended, I tried to explain that I just thought it was a silly way of saying Downs syndrome but I dont think I they appreciated still.   They approached me at the end of the day explaining their close family friend has Downs, and found it very insensitive and taking light of their condition.   Now I feel like I'm the asshole but AITA?
e8441b	For some background, I live in Texas with a huge family who owns a restaurant chain. Almost my whole family (including all my siblings) is obese. I'm terrified of ending up like them, and over time, it's turned into pretty much anorexia, or maybe it was the whole time. Recently, my best friend, Maria, made me realize, and now i'm trying to recover.      Last weekend, my whole family had a huge get together for dinner, and I was freaked out and barely ate anything. Later, I went downstairs and grabbed some leftovers, and turned on the news, when my identical twin brother came downstairs. Me and my bro don't have the best relationship, and he and my other cousins pick on me a lot, but now that it was just the two of us, we actually started talking, and I admitted to him about my eating disorder, long story short. He was surprised and started to ask questions.   Bro: Does anyone else know?  Me: Only my best friend. but you're the only person I've actually told willingly. She pretty much figured it out on her own, then cornered me and got me tell her what she already knew.   bro: ...she figured it out?   Me: (laughing a little, and trying to lighten the mood)  I mean, Maria's pretty smart, and she's like my sister. We're so close I'm surprised she didn't confront me sooner.   My brother was quiet for a minute, then we changed the subject. He asked about Maria, I told him about the fall play I'm in, but I noticed her seemed a little bothered by something.   Me: Are you ok?  Bro: ... It's just that what you said about Maria noticing because your like siblings, I mean, we're identical twins! I feel like I should have noticed this. Like, now that you say it, I keep remembering things that were obviously signs.     I felt terrible, and tried to reassure him, but I could tell that he was really bothered by it. It's been a few days, and we're closer than we've been in years, and he's even started defending me to out siblings and cousins, and including me in things they do, and I've been inviting him to hand out and watch movies with me and Maria, even though it drives him crazy how we always pause it to comment on every detail.  He doesn't seem too upset anymore, but I still feel like a jerk. Am i the Asshole, or am I just being paranoid?
e8409g	Basically I am really bored right now. The idea popped in my head, to see if anyone from my school had any youtube videos. So I am tempted to search around, but i am worried that this would make me kind of creepy, and also kind of a jerk. So would i be a jerk for looking for youtube channels?
e83zrt	So basically tomorrow starts finals week and a few of my roommates have finals tomorrow. Someone wants to come over and presumably have some u know, would I be an asshole for inviting her over? We’d be in my room anyways and I would try to keep it relatively quiet (the walls are somewhat thin I presume). Maybe a little music and shit but I don’t think we’ll be up doing anything too late.
e83pb9	My daughter actually whittled an actual wooden stake for her  classmate that she knows is a huge fan of the Twilight Series.   She’s super proud of it, and thinks it’s a perfect (and hilarious) gift. Yikes   Her twin sister and I are trying to figure out a way to tell her that this is creepy and weird af.   Would I be the asshole for telling her?
e81vcg	Yesterday I want shopping for my nieces and nephews the other day. While shopping for my four-year-old niece, I saw a doll that was partially lemonade-scented doll. There was another one which was strawberry scented. The lemonade doll was black and the strawberry doll was white. Being a little biased as I love the smell of citrus, I chose the lemonade one.  When I brought it home to show my mom what I chose for her, she looked at it and said that "it's scary." I found this a bit strange as she herself is a person of color.  Although this had made me second-guess my choice. I feel like TA because I was biased in choosing the scent and went for the black one, when maybe I should've thought more of my niece and bought the strawberry one because it's a more "childish?" scent and maybe she's think the same as my mom.  So, I'll let you decide, AITA?
e81hgc	So it’s a pretty hot day today and I decided that I’ll just put on a pair of bathers instead of shorts because they’re way lighter in material and my mum got mad at me and told me to go change into shorts. The same thing happened when I was going out one night and my dad got angry at me and told me I looked like a junkie for wearing jeans with holes at the knees. I get if I was younger, but I’m an adult and am really aggravated that they care so much about how I dress. Im considering buying a skirt or dress because I think it’s stupid how they get so triggered over what I wear. Am I the asshole for acting this way?
e81ha2	I'll preface this by saying I in no way am against my Boyfriend going into the military. I myself grew up in a family that moved around a lot because my dad was in the Navy. I was brought up supporting it and even considered enlisting myself. I support him whole heartedly, and obviously will miss him dearly. However, I'm moving out to be with my sister in mid March, meaning my boyfriend and I will have a long distance relationship from then on out. He is also enlisting in the Army in June, and starting his heavy training now. We talked for a long time and decided we would still stay together because we want to have a future together. That being said, his training will consist of 12-14+ hours everyday between pt & studying. He said that the rest of his time will be spent playing video games and resting. Both of us are gamers and of course rest is needed, but in his own words, he "won't have the time" for us to do anything together.   Am I the asshole for being upset that he won't find time during the week to spend time with me?  EDIT: Before I make people think he isn't committed. He is, we've been through a lot together and are planning to get married and have kids together post army (which he plans to be in for 5-10 years)
e817jd	Last year I (31M) was got diagnosed with cancer with some relatively early detection. The first year, I did not need treatment but now I need to start...this week. Throughout this whole 12 month ordeal, my wife (26F) has been nothing but supportive. I really can't describe just how awesome my wife is in general because every other guy in existence would surely die of jealousy while every woman on earth would tremble at the realization they would never be a better partner than my wife. But I digress. For reference, she has come with me to the oncologist twice now which coincided with times he wanted both of us there.   I am starting treatment this week and it the first day involves at least 6 hours of infusions and a whole bunch of other fun things you get to enjoy when one has cancer. The thing is, I don't want my wife to come with me.   * I don't feel like having company is going to make things better. * I hate the cancer impacting the day-to-day activities of more than just me. * If things get not so pretty, I want to maintain some of my dignity.   So would I be the asshole if I ask her to not come? I have already broached the subject asking why she would like to join me and she 100% wants to be supportive. We have a great relationship and can be honest with each other but my dad never prepared me for this conversation in life so I turn to you, kind strangers of the internet, to give me advice.  **Edit** Kind strangers of the internet, thank you so much for your insights and wishes of good health!
e80zkm	Okay so the event happened a while ago before we were even dating  Let's start with this. I have this friend who I slept with before I even met my gf. It was during my hoe phase. He was a virgin and just didn't want to be one anymore. He asked me to do him a solid and I was like yeah whatever, it meant nothing to me. He said thanks we shook hands never talked about it again.  So about a year later me and him are still friends. Doing him that solid led him to gaining more confidence, he's dating girls, talking to them whatever. I meet my girlfriend, everything is great. But I didn't disclose to her that I slept with said friend, I never thought about it and didn't really feel the need to as I dont believe that things like that are anyone's business.   But my mom decided to disclose this information to gf and she was livid. She asks me about it. I day yeah i1t happened. I just did chap a favor, there was nothing more to it. Which pisses her off even more. We get into an arguement which involves doing sexual favors for people and me telling her it wasnt really any of her business. And shes all "you must have had feelings for him" and I'm just like no. She doesn't understand that you can sleep with people and not care for them at all. Which is something I had done often, carefully of course. Birth control condoms all the like. Anyway aita for not disclosing to her about this friend?  Edit: idk how my mom found out about it, so dont bother asking.
e80we8	Friend A (female) asked me to tell friend B (male) that she liked him. I knew he didn't like her back but I still did it and now she's going to be heartbroken and it's all my fault. I even tried to call her down by telling her that he would most likely say 'yes'. I've also put B in a weird position bc he'll have to reply to her eventually.   AITA for telling him that she likes him?
e80sx8	I'm a second year bassist at my middle school's Orchestra who has a terrible father figure thats life is somewhat shitty and  for eight years my school has had the same conductor let's call him mr R. He has been extremely supportive of his students going to there games giving advice ect ect. But he has just got a job offer to get a bigger job that will effect 25,000 more kids this will help more kids get into music and give him a bigger paycheck.   All this kids have been sad to see him go but are supportive but I just couldn't do the same. People have been saying that Its fine because I saw him as a father figure and I'll come around but it's been a month he's leaving in a week and I just can't so,  am I an ass?
e80jeu	   Hey everyone.  I've been struggling the past 2 months with something kind of cliche and I came to ask for help in one of the best places I know.  Backstory: I'm a 15 y/o boy (but I consider myself pretty mature and really able to understand what the "real world" is) that took a series of bad decissions that turned my 2019 upside down.  I have this friend (F), who we will call FM, that became my bestest friend in 6th grade. Since then, I told her everything that ever happened to me. We were very close.  So, fast forward a couple of years and... I catched feelings for her. But I wasn't the only one. Another friend of ours that arrived to our class last year also liked her. We'll call this friend AA.  I wasn't really surprised, we looked like a couple and we cared for each other a lot.  Now, May 2019. Another friend of mine had talked to FM and she told her that she also liked me. So my friend (forcefully, might I add) made me tell her that I liked her. I did and she told me she did too.  Well, the next day we had an event in our school that we both attended, we were too embarrassed to talk to each other (which I find rather cute). The next week, there was a birthday party where I was going to ask her to be not my girlfriend, but the thing between GF and crush.  I did and everything went right. 3 months later, I'd ask her if she wanted to be my girlfriend and she said yes.  Fast forward to October 8th 2019. We broke up. 3 days later we got back together on a surprise birthday party at her house. We lasted 1 week after that and we haven't really talked since.  A problem that always "haunted" our relationship was the lack of communication. Now, you may be wondering, what does AA have to do with all of this? Well, during the whole 5 months of relationship AA would be constantly bothering FM and getting her away from me. I told FM that I was uncomfortable with AA's behaviour with her (I don't like feeling jealous, so that's why it took me too much to tell her about everything).  When we broke up, I wouldn't eat for about 3 days and got very "depressed" (I don't want to offend anyone with depression. I know how sensitive that topic is. Been there.) but FM didn't look affected by it.  About a week later, AA hosted a sleepover at his place and FM was going. I went because I thought that maybe FM and I could be together in the same room without me wanting to die. I couldn't. I didn't sleep that night. At all.  AA cuddled with FM in front of me. I thought that FM still had a bit of respect for me.  Another friend told me that AA was really sad that I wouldn't talk to him. But, how could he expect me to talk to him after he cuddled with my ex (knowing that I still had feelings for) in front of me?  Jump to today. I still don't talk to him, nor I talk to my ex, but I feel like I don't have to talk to him.  Could it be that I'm just a 15 y/o that is exagerating?
e80ie3	I born and raised in england, to a very conservative, traditional arab muslim family. I'm not a believer at all (no offence to anyone who is of course), and consider myself agnostic/atheist. My parents adhere to the dress code completely. You probably know what that means for girls but as a boy I was discouraged from wearing shorts or anything like that.   My wife Jane is white english. She's not religious nor is anyone from her family. She wears whatever she wants, but if we visit my parents, to avoid arguments she wears long trousers and sleeves or full length dresses. Jane and I have a lovely little boy called Michael.   Jane is heavily tattooed and has been since I met her. When my parents first met her, they (my mother in particular) voiced their disapproval. Even though she was ''covered up'' they could still see her tattoos underneath.   It is my sister's wedding and we've been invited. It will be a very big wedding unlike mine and practically the entire extended family will be there. For this reason my mother demanded over the phone that I tell Jane to wear something thick so her nobody could glimpse her tattoos.   Both me and Jane have always thought it was unfair that she has to dress a certain way for my parents, but she always did to avoid arguments. When I told her what my mum said, she said I was ''taking the piss'' at this point which I understand. I get that it's not fair on her, but at the same time it's my little sister's wedding and I can't not be there.
e7zbws	So when I was home for the Thanksgiving holiday, my aunt and I went to the local brewery. I was sitting there with her and her fiance. She's divorced and has 3 kids.   While we were there, a couple, who had two toddlers was there having some drinks. The kids weren't out of control, they were just hanging out with Mom and Dad while Mom and Dad blew off some holiday steam.   My aunt strikes up a chord of indignation saying sarcastically that it was a "good idea" to bring their kids to a brewery. I had to bite my tongue because A) my aunt was staying with my grandparents and her kids were there while we were out. Maybe the grandparents weren't available to babysit? And B) because when she was still married to her ex-husband, they drug their kids literally everywhere, even if the venue wasn't kid friendly and then made scenes when the kids were acting up.  So WIBTA if I asked her if she thought those parents should be hostages until their kids were 21 or say that people probably didn't want her kids out wherever she decided to drag them?
e7z6z6	I am under a lot of stress from work and studies, I am also trying to mange my personal life and in it I have friends and family come to me asking for help or just need to talk about something but I am unable to actually say anything back, my mind instantly goes into this train of thought "well what does it matter? you know how to solve the problem, your emotions are getting the better of you" and it really feels like this for most things, but it doesn't help them. I get really stressed now when people want to talk about their feelings because I have nothing to say and just don't want them to look at me for help.  For better or worse I have decided that it's only fair not to speak with others about how I'm feeling.   Would it be fair to tell people that I just don't have the time or emotional availability and space to hear them out?
e7z1u5	So, here's the thing, my sister had a bad relationship maybe a year ago, they moved in together very fast, he was basically homeless.Later on we found out he had a gambling problem, he would steal money from my sister, steal even the rent money and gamble. My parents had paid loans for my sister that were a few thousand euros.He wasn't interested in getting to know us or having any sort of relationship with us, he bailed on us several times, every time supposedly had some sort of sickness and we weren't even rude to him. We tried gently to talk some sense into my sister,but it never worked, they were on and off, but they finally broke it off about a year ago.  Obviously this caused a lot of distress to me and my family. She never acknowledged the relationship was bad. Since then she had dated, had a few short boyfriends, but now she moved in with her new boyfriend again. They have been dating for three months. A lot of that the time he was in a different country, they called.She told us he moved in, we haven't even met him, we all went to have dinner at their place and had a fairly nice evening, he seemed nice, but since he still is virtually a stranger to me, I don't have a deep desire to meet up with them every week, the familiarity must come naturally.  But my sister wants us, to treat him like he's her fiancee, I don't know this man, why would I ? This is reminiscent of the gambling ex and the few short relationships she had.We met him last month and on that very first meeting it was decided we are doing secret Santa with him too. I got him, my sister informed us he wants a expensive jacket that is above our agreed sum, I was miffed by this, but my brother acts like I am acting like an asshole a bit for not being head over heels accepting of a stranger, giving her history with men ,I think I am allowed to be cautious, even if she didn't have the bad past relationship, I am just not the sort of person to treat a stranger as a brother in law. My sister fully expects us to carry him on our hands . Am I an asshole for not being supportive of her relationship? I don't say anything rude to him or to her, she's so sensitive about her boyfriends I can't murmur anything bad about them.  EDIT: I feel I must add all of this are my internal feelings, I do not bring up her past decisions to her or are anything,but nice to him or speak about their relationship to them. But, I feel quite judged by my brother for being cautious.
e7ygx8	I won’t go into a lot of detail about our relationship other than it has changed a lot since we started dating and have moved into an open relationship for about the past year and have still been pretty great together.    So last night I was with my gf and we were just talking and she brings up that her mother asked if I was going to be there for Christmas, and I said sure I’ve been there for the past few Christmas’s. Then my gf says that she told her mother that I wouldn’t be attending, and when I asked her why she told me “I don’t think it’s necessary for the type of relationship that we have” When me and her have been together and dating being open for the past year. She also told me she doesn’t want me to be there because of the remarks her family makes about our relationship (they know we are open) so I got upset at her and left for home.    So reddit AITA?     INFO: We are a serious couple and have been a loving couple for the past year even with being open, so I don’t even know what she really thinks of our relationship anymore.
e7x5xb	So Christmas is nearing and I thought I‘d treat myself with a card game I‘ve waited a long time to buy. Intrigued by its sheer complexity and all the possibilities it offers, it only took a few games with my friends until I started to read about general strategies, card combinations etc. By now, I‘ve probably seen more streams than I‘ve played the game by myself.  By no means I did this to win the games with my friends, but only because I‘m so fascinated by this masterwork. Yet, sure enough all this reading gave me some essential understanding of the game and while I don‘t always win, my win percentage is higher than any others.   This went so far that anytime I‘m leading, my friends call me out for having read to much and being so competitive. While most of them mean no harm, I can‘t stop them. One of them even said he wouldn‘t play the game with me anymore because of that. So, AITA for being very interested in my new card game?
e7wjtl	AITA? In early 2017 after getting properly medicated for my clinical depression and getting a new job (that I have held since), I felt more hopeful and promised myself that I would try harder to fix the strained relationship between my father and me.   Then, the big stroke happened. He was in a sort of vegetative state for like a month. I saw him in the hospital and balled my eyes out. I felt there was no point to visit him all the time as he couldn't hear me. I just kept bustling along in my job, hoping he would get better. He was later moved to a rehabilitation facility when he became more active. His eyes moved and he could barely move his limbs in jerky non-complex motions. He cannot speak and stares at me intently. Within one minute of seeing me and possibly my disturbed expression I couldn't help, he let out a sob and started openly crying (a truly rare sight). I was instantly crushed and knew he didn't want me here, seeing him like this. This blue-collared man who long depended on the strength of his body was handicapped and humiliated. I don't even think I was able to hug him that day. I was only there for five minutes and I saw my father as Frankenstein's monster with his sorrowful groans and strange movements.   I spoke to his wonderful wife afterwards and tearfully told her that I could never do what she did for him. I couldn't stand seeing this. I couldn't stand listening to his side of the family talk about God being good when this horrible fate happened to my father. I got very drunk that night. He's been living in her care ever since these several years. She and her mother have been so good to him, so hopeful. He still can't talk or really communicate except in nods and shakes of his head that seem to take serious effort. He still can't fully control his limbs and still feels humiliated at times from what I can see in his eyes. I have dreams of him suddenly being okay again and have wanted to cry when I awake to remember the truth. I am haunted by a conversation we had when he drove us somewhere. It was something along the lines of he didn't want to live as a dependent like some old people did. From what little I remember, I know he wouldn't want to live like this. Deep down, I feel like I should respect his possible wishes and end his suffering. I have thought of different ways I could do it and asking him if he wanted to die.  I don't do any of these things out of fear of being wrong. Perhaps, he is miserable but doesn't necessarily want to die let alone have me facilitate it. These thoughts come to mind whenever I feel obligated to see him like on a holiday or his birthday. I see him looking at me. I know he wants to speak to me and tries to smile, but he feels so sad to me. It just kills me inside. I have no hope for him. I stay away and try to forget the bad thoughts I have. All the good memories of him are just a twist of the knife now.
e7wio5	My little sister is studying abroad this year through an exchange program offered by her university. We're only two years apart and are extremely close, and I consider her my best friend. Before she left, we agreed we would set aside half an hour each week to FaceTime and stay connected despite living on opposite sides of the world. This was her suggestion, and I was really excited to hear all about her adventures abroad.   I expected that our communication would drop off a little bit once she moved, since there's a 10-hour time zone difference and studying in a new country is a big adjustment, but things have changed dramatically. We used to message each other every day, and now she takes days to respond and rarely goes out of her way to contact me first.   What's really bothering me is that a lot of the time, when I call her at the agreed-upon time for our FaceTimes, it goes unanswered, and then, like two hours later she responds with something along the lines of "Hey, sorry, I'm out with friends, but we can catch up later this week at (time and date)!" And then when that time comes it's the same thing all over again. There's always some sort of excuse: she lost track of time, she wasn't feeling well, she took a nap and slept through her alarm, etc. The weird thing is that she's the one to plan our FaceTimes the majority of the time, so I don't  understand why she can't make it work with her schedule.    We've only FaceTimed three times since she left in August, and it's starting to really upset me. I work 65+ hours a week and I always carve out time to talk with her, so it makes me feel like crap when she constantly blows me off or cancels at the last minute. At first I was concerned something was going on or that she was annoyed with me or something, but she swears time and time again that this isn't the case, she's just busy, and she really does want to talk and catch up. She posts on Instagram all the time and seems to be really happy and enjoying her time abroad.   Today, she flaked on me for the third time in a row and it really pushed me over the edge. I said I felt like she didn't respect my time and that I don't appreciate being the only one to make an effort in our relationship. She got super upset with me and said she's just trying to take advantage of all the opportunities of living abroad and that I shouldn't take it personally if she's not available as often. AITA?e7vd9e	Currently in a Japanese place. Ordered a bowl of bbq pork tonkotsu ramen. They brought out a bowl of chicken tonkotsu ramen and I said I didn’t want it and sent it back.   The head waiter came across and made me feel a bit bad and asked me if I would take the chicken instead because it’ll go to waste. I said no I wanted the pork because I really was feeling for bbq pork ramen.   Guess they made me feel a bit guilty for wasting food.   To note my waitress didn’t speak very good English so I understand where the miscommunication came from but still not my fault. I even pointed on the menu to the BBQ pork ramen when ordering.