e8unir	I took my one-year-old and three-year-old in for their jabs today. I've been going to this clinic for 10 years with five children and typically at the most we are in and out in less than an hour. Usually we wait in the waiting room less than 5 minutes.   Today we waited in the waiting room 20 minutes. No big deal, right? We go back with the nurse and wait another 35 minutes to see the doctor (finally see the doctor 55 minutes after the appointment time). After the doctor leaves we wait another 10 for the nurse to come back, and another 10 after that for the nurse to come back with the vaccines. By this time both kids are screaming because they're bored, they're hungry, it's cold in the room. I've got another appointment scheduled and people waiting in the parking lot.   The last jab and the nurse messes up and shoots it all over the kids' arm. She says she needs to leave and redo the vaccine. At this point the kids are freaking out, I'm almost in tears and another 15-20 minutes is going to put us over the edge.   So I tell her "we need to go, we've been here an hour and a half and I'm not sure if we can reschedule." And then I left with both screaming children.   AITA?
e8um38	So I [M23] have disliked my aunt and uncle for as long as I can remember. They like to make jokes about other people and think it is just a little banter. Which annoys me and a lot of other family members aswell. I don’t hate them but if they were my friends it wouldn’t hang out with them anymore.   I had my first actual clash with my uncle when I was around 15, at that age I learned to step up for myself and when he was making fun of a new ring I bought (me being a cool kid) he insisted that I must be gay since men don’t wear rings, this was in a restaurant. As I wasn’t scared of him or to talk back I overreacted a bit saying he should stop making jokes about me or head would roll.  I then thought that was the end of it since he could figure I didn’t like his jokes.   For the last few years we haven’t had much contact since they don’t live close to where I live. I recently decided to not spend time with them anymore or go to the annual dinner. For the past few years ive only spend time with them because my mom likes the get together.   But now I just don’t want to anymore.  Is it that bad to spend time with them once year to please your mom? Yes.   So Reddit, AITA? Aswell towards my mom as them?
e8ui87	 We just paid a lot of money to do this activity. They promised us a lot of things they didn't deliver on, so when it came time to review them I gave an honest review. No lies, just straightforward what happened, what they promised, and what it was like.  I still gave 2 stars in the end because some people who were a part of the group for the activity were awesome...but the owner emailed me telling me my review was dishonest and I should take it down. He said that I lied about things they did deliver on and I said they hadn't, and then he said I see you work for this business and bad reviews can affect your business too...which to me almost sounded like a threat.  AITA for posting an honest review?
e8ufhp	So... it's been a while since I posted here. As a refresher, I'm male, 13 and gay. Okay so basically I've come out to a f\*\*k ton of people. I told one of my friends a while back and he was an ass about it. He absolutely ignored me, ditched when we made plans for around 4 f\*\*\*ing weeks. And honestly he's trying to text me, call me and make plans. Sounds nice right. Trusted him a few times he ditched me every time and its so fucking annoying. He keeps trying to make plans. My parents are concerned and he keeps saying "oh its not that you are gay, I'm just busy, I've got soccer." It's around 30 degrees Fahrenheit. I'm also his only LGBTQ "friend" I haven't talked to him and don't really text him back.
e8udyj	Obligatory apology for formatting- I'm on mobile.  First off, I don't see much of my mum's family but I do know them well, and my dad's family lives in walking distance from him (he has 4 siblings and my grandma lives close too) so I have a lot to do with them.  My family, on both sides, have very... "boomer" beliefs. Not at such an extreme level, but I feel like any kind of racism/sexism/homophobia sucks.  Here comes my issue-   I'm bisexual. I'm not out to any of them, and I don't plan on coming out anytime soon. I know some of my aunts and uncles will be ok-ish with me if I come out, but they're the type of people who will constantly make jokes like "so are you over your phase yet?" or "I hope you end up with a guy so you don't go to hell". The rest of my family will DEFINITELY hate me. My dad is pretty chill but he's said, multiple times, "I'm just glad my kids aren't 'like that'.", and my mother will pretty much find the closest conversion camp and throw me in there.   I'm currently still in school and I'm totally dependent on my parents, so coming out or moving out isn't even an option for me, but I am saving money and my plan at the moment is to finish school and just... disappear. I want to leave and cut all contact with my family, including my parents. (Not just because of the fact that I'm gay, though, because there are loads of other factors which resulted in me making this decision, but this is the main reason.)  I feel like I'm an asshole for pretending I'm happy around my family and for only sticking here just because I'm dependent on my parents, while planning to leave once I'm not dependent on them anymore without warning.  WIBTA if I cut my family off for being toxic and homophobic after I become independent?
e8ua5s	Just for some backstory, i work as a school bus aide for disabled children. Everyday I have a different route because im a stand by which means I take all the routes they don’t have an aide for. A lot of people are permanent stand bys and thats all they do is sit around and wait for a route.    I get paid for 7 hours everyday. I’m there for almost 12. When you aren’t on a route, you’re waiting for a route, and while you’re waiting for a route, you don’t get paid. You wait for 2-3 hours between every route, completely unpaid. I live too far away to go home. So I just sit in my car while I wait and watch YouTube or something. I don’t mind it. It sounds like it sucks but the kids are all worth it. I’d do anything for them.    Last night I didn’t fall asleep till 3 am. When my alarm went off at 4:45 (bus leaves at 6 am) I was so incredibly exhausted and really not looking forward to a 12 hour day off of not even 2 full hours of sleep. I called into work and told them I wouldn’t be able to come in today for my routes. The lady was audibly upset on the phone. She called me back 3 hours later and asked me if I would be able to come in for my PM route. I told her I wouldn’t be able to. She was very upset and hung up the phone after a quick “okay”.   Am I the asshole for not going into work? Or am I overthinking it?
e8u9vn	I recently moved into a house with 2 friends, both me and my friend own cats. Her cat is an indoor/outdoor cat with constant outside access, mine is strictly indoor.  Recently at the vets office for a wellness check, the vet found flea dirt on my cat and I reintroduced monthly flea medication. (She had been isolated from other animals the previous two years and had no issues without medication)  Since my housemate’s cat is indoor/outdoor, it’s obvious that he’s bringing fleas into the house so I’ve told my housemate that he needs to be on medication as well. She refuses to put him on medication claiming that it’s too expensive and she’ll only do it if I pay for it. Am I the asshole for not paying for medication for both cats when one of them isn’t mine?
e8u7sr	I recently graduated university and was wondering if I would be TA for still using my student card for discounts. This is for places that are not compensated by the university and independently do their own discounts but don't have anyway of verifying student cards.  Also, could it be situational? For example, using it for a discount at a big brand like a grocery store or bulk food store VS. a local nail place?
e8u0qp	So about a year and a half ago,  my wife (25) and I(26) had just gotten married and were looking for a new place to live. My aunt and uncle happened to be moving out at just the same time, and offered to rent their house to us. Their house was NICE, so we were thrilled to get to live there, and rent at a great price. But we were told up front that they would move back eventually when their out-of-state startup was up and running. We agreed and everything has been fine.   Until now.  They called us about 2 weeks or so back, telling us that they would be moving back in May, and that we would need to find a place before then. This is plenty of time, but we like to be prepared, so we started looking for a place and quickly found somewhere we wanted to buy. We got close on closing, and they said it would be about 2 months until we would be able to move in. We told this to my aunt and uncle, asking if we could move out in 70 days (giving us plenty of time to close and move) but they have repeatedly insisted that we follow the lease we signed, and stick with the 90 day notice for the Early Termination clause.  We’ve been frustrated and upset by their unwillingness to cut back 70 days, they are family after all, so we were hopeful. But we looked at the lease, clearly seeing the clause and accepting our fate. But when I looked closer, it turned out that our Lease Term has actually expired as of July, 1st, meaning that we’ve only been renting month to month ever since. According to that, we only need to give a 30 day notice, not 90. We still asked that we could meet halfway with 70, but now they’re asking that we stay and pay even longer because they rented to us so cheap and only charged half of a late fee one month.   It’s really frustrating, and I don’t quite know what to think. The last thing I want to do is draw this out and get into a whole dispute with my family members, but we also can’t afford an extra month’s rent when we’re looking at a down payment and then mortgage on a new house. So are we the assholes?  TLDR; My aunt and uncle want 90 day notice to leave our rental, when the lease actually only asks for 30.
e8u0c6	So my girlfriend and I breeded our Akita a large breed of dog about 2 years ago, we had a litter of 3 puppies that we sold off too individual good homes. One of the puppys we sold off to a good friend of ours, Ari. Ari is a very kind girl and a good friend, now after about 2 years of owning the puppy she got into a dispute with her landlord and asked us to take the pup back, she truly loved the dog and the dog definitely was bonded too her. Akitas are not your typical breed of dog, it's a common saying that they bond for life and if they lose their human they'll probably never be happy again. Now as much as I love my friend she did a god awful job at training this dog, she is food aggresive, rowdy, a true escape artist and all around very difficult to deal with. Compared to the Akitas we have its night and day. We cannot find a home for her and having 3 huge dogs in our small apartment has been hell. My girlfriend and most of her family feel like it would be merciful to have her put down but I completely disagree. The area we live in its gonna be impossible to find her a proper home, the fear is she'll constantly switch homes and not find a stable one until she bites someone and gets taken to the pound. Edit: we have spoken to the majority of the Akita rescues on the East Coast many were full and some outright denied us due to the rightful fact that we are the original breeders. We live in North Carolina, Yuna (the dog) has tried to attack many people (including my girlfriend the main breeder) over her food aggression and that is what is pushing us to figure something out, that and we cannot afford another pup.
e8tzbw	 I am a senior in high school, I'm due to graduate in the spring. I've been accepted to college and I really don't want anything to get in the way of that.  This week, my homeroom teacher pulled me aside and said my parents hadn't paid class dues for four years even though they've been reminded a lot. I had no idea what she was talking about, my parents never said a thing to me. I thought they'd covered all my school fees.  She said my family would have to pay or I couldn't get my diploma. I'd been doing all the things dues covered, sports, class trips, yearbook, dances, after school clubs, etc.  I asked what was owe and apparently dues were $120 a year. So $480 in total. I asked her if she was sure my parents knew and she said yes, there had been a lot of emails and phone calls.  So I was mad, I need my diploma to go to college and my parents were screwing me over. I called my dad saying that he needs to pay this school dues thing so I could get my diploma, and he was MAD. Saying that the school had no right to deny me a diploma, he'd be coming in first thing next morning with me to have a talk.  I really wanted to resolve this so that night I went to my bank and withdrew $480 and put it in my purse just in case.  The next morning, my dad came in and demanded to see my teacher and principal before class starts. He was getting mad saying that All the education should be covered by taxes, (bullshit, he votes for less and less education budget every year) they can't do that, he'll sue. (Bullshit, he doesn't have the time off work or the money to take shit to court)   My teacher was like "The dues are for her sports and events and trips, not education" and he was not listening. That bothered me, she's one of my favorite teachers and he had no right to be disrespecting her. So I took out my money and started counting it. Counting out $480 in twenties so I'd make sure I had the amount right. Everyone noticed, and my dad was like "what are you doing" and I didn't say anything, just gave the money to my teacher and said "here you go, it's all covered"   My dad started losing it at me asking where the money was from, and I was like "chill it's not yours" and he was mad at me for having done that and undermined him as a father, and bla bla bla.   At the end of the day, my teacher went to talk to me again and said she couldn't take the money, to keep it for college, the school was waiving my dues. I was really shocked and kept asking if she was sure, and she said yes, I was really thankful, like I was crying.  I went home and my dad who didn't know I had the money was furious at me, calling me dramatic and reckless and also interrogating me about where I got all that money.  I said I didn't want to talk about it any more, enough had been said about all it.  AITA for going behind my dad's back like that?
e8tz6q	Context: friend and I used to live in the same city, he came back to visit with his girlfriend.   A group of us including my friend and his girlfriend went to dinner and drinks. At drinks, when we were all drunk, his girlfriend told me she had a crush on me. I shut down the conversation.   This is the first time we have properly met but she mentioned he accused her earlier and in the night of having a crush on me.   Should I tell him what she said? AITA if I don’t?
e8tyq5	So, I'm starting a new position as a PSR.  It's what I have done for the last 5 years.  I do have a lot of business casual clothing, but a lot of it is starting to show wear, some doesn't fit quite right since of course over 5 years of sitting at a desk I've gained some weight.   I texted my husband and told him that I'm going to stop at the mall on the way home and get just a few things.  He proceeded to tell me I don't need clothes.  He will buy them for Christmas.  I don't need to spend money bc it's Christmas and I won't get a paycheck till the 27th.  (I would be putting these clothes on my Macy's card, so wouldn't even have to pay it till next month anyway).  Tbh, I do have some credit card debt (5500).  He told me I will survive without new clothes, yaddayadda.  I told him if he wanted, I would buy them, and he could pay the bill, and call it Christmas for me.  That wasn't good enough either.  Apparently he wants me to go shopping with him, pick out what I want, he will pay for it, then wrap it up and apparently Christmas morning I'm supposed to act surprised?   Just to clarify, I always go all out for him and the kids for Christmas, and every year I am so disappointed.  I know it's not just about presents, but having a little effort put in would make me feel good  So, Reddit, aita for wanting new clothes?
e8ty3e	I live with my boyfriend and two other guys. One is my boyfriend's friend Eddie and the other his cousin  Mark. We rented a place together and we are living here for the last two month. Mark signed the lease first. Then we signed the  lease and moved in too. Eddie moved in a few days later but has not signed the lease and is subletting as he claims he will not be able to stay for the full 1 year lease.   Eddie and Mark discussed what the house would need without involving us. I have the alot of the items they discussed from my previous tenancies. Eddie went and bought these commodities, totalling around $190. Some  that we didn't even need and were not practical. (An industrial sized soup pot for example)  My boyfriend and I were unhappy that firstly they went behind our backs and didn't bring us into this discussion and secondly because we had the majority of the stuff he bought. So my boyfriend and I were unsure as to whether we should either a; give money towards these things or b; just buy everything else that the house needed so we were even.   We all had a group call to discuss how we would sort it out.  In the end we all came to the agreement that we didn't need to give each other money as we were all friends and that anything we would buy we would bring on to any other place we move to. That seemed to be the end of it.  So on to now, December. We had the call in October and suddenly Eddie is now demanding we pay him for everything he bought and that we owe him. Mark agreed to paying him but my boyfriend and I were annoyed that this was being brought up again. He wants the money after saying it was okay and not mentioning it for two months.  I should also mention that Eddie and Mark decided amongst themselves that Eddie would pay less rent as his room is slightly smaller, meaning we have to pay more.  We sat down in the living room to talk about it. I mentioned to him that I bought stuff for the house and that I did not expect money from him. He used this stuff including glasses, detergent, pans, pots, tupperwear even down to the shower curtain etc. But I never had a problem with him using this stuff or charging him. He went on to say that the stuff he got we all use more. Things got pretty heated turning into a full argument.   He's saying that I'm lying and that he did say he wanted money and told us each individually. My boyfriend also recalls him saying he didn't want money. Mark never gave a straight answer to it, but agrees with Eddie that my boyfriend and I are overreacting. Mark is willing to pay Eddie for the stuff he got. But I feel he is only doing this as he knows he hasn't gotten anything for the house until recently. I also think he's just afraid of conflict and is only willing to pay Eddie to stop this disagreement.   So AITA?  TLDR: My roommate is trying to charge me money for items he bought for our new place after he agreed we wouldn't charge each other for house commodities
e8txjz	Throwaway because my friend knows my user name. Also I'm on mobile so sorry if the formatting is bad.  So my friend (18f) recently started seeing this guy (18m) that she met in one of her classes (they're in college.) The thing is doesn't yet want an actual relationship right now. Well, this was his first romantic encounter with a woman *ever* and he was under the impression that after a few dates they were in a relationship (by a few I mean like three or four.)  She doesn't want to be in a relationship with him because A) she feels it went to fast and B) he's a virgin, which is FINE. She's allowed to not want to date him, I don't fault her for wanting to end it...but rather than *telling* him she's no longer interested, she's decided to keep up contact with him until the semester ends and she doesn't have to see him again, then just fade on out.  I personally think that it's a dick move to lead him on until it's convenient for her to drop off the face of the planet.  Anyways, so she texts me last night and asks if she can just rant to me because she was upset about something that happened with one of her ex boyfriends. I said sure and she started in.  I cut the rant off when she blamed leading this poor boy on on her ex and how shitty he was (he wasn't abusive, just very fickle) and told her I wasn't going to be a sounding board for her to feel better about herself for doing something bad.  After that, radio silence from her until I call her today. She was still upset about it, which is understandable, and told me that she's "sorry she can't be the perfect person I expect her to be."  I told her that I wasn't expecting her to be a perfect person, I just wanted her to not do clearly shitty things and I don't want her to feel better for doing something shitty, because she should feel bad for leading him on.  Now she's more upset with me and thinks that I'm holding her to a dangerously high standard.  Anyways, Reddit, AITA?
e8tw8g	Basically I hang out with a friend group, except one of the people in the group I don’t really consider a friend. They were really, really shitty to their girlfriend (aka my best friend) for a while. My friend broke up with them and they left the group for a while. They have come back now and sit with us. I’ve gotten nice, expensive gifts for everyone but them because I honestly don’t like them. WIBTA if I straight up just don’t get them anything?   For more context,I have told them not to buy anything for me but they might anyway. I think they also know at least subconsciously I don’t like them because I have yet to unblock them on any social media and I rarely talk to them (unless they talk to me, and I only answer because I’m not a dick). And I when I say they were shitty, they were not physically abusive but they said horrible things to her
e8tw2u	My wife's nuclear family typically gets together for holidays, 4-8 hours out of the day just hanging out at her mother's, my MIL. Her family is all pretty close to one another, 3 siblings all near the same age.   Her brother and sister like to bring their pet(s), each one has their own dog. Downside is that my wife is the only one that is allergic to dogs/cats, she takes allergy relief (Benadryll) for it the day of but then feels groggy and shitty all day.   It never crossed my mind these last few years, but this past Thanksgiving if finally stuck out to me how stupid it was for my wife to have to feel like shit the entire day strung out on Benadryl laying exhausted on the couch so that her siblings can bring their dogs.   My nuclear family always had pets, so I've grown up around them my whole life. We've never considered taking them with us as part of the family. So maybe this concept is just foreign to me in general. IMO, leaving your dog at home (even caged if need be) isn't the end of the world. And in addition me/my family always do our best to prepare for people who have allergies; if a guest is coming over we'd clean the dandruff/hair up as much as possible and if we were going to their house you'd shower and put on fresh clothes right before leaving. Not asking for all that here, but to me it just seems like common sense to be courteous of others who are allergic, since it can't be helped. Right now it feels like the dogs are being put above my own wife's well-being, who everyone in the family knows is allergic.   Would I/we be the asshole(s) for telling them no more pets at these sort of "all day" get togethers?   I suggested my wife tell them, since it's not my nuclear family, or to talk with her mom about it first because it's at her mom's house. She doesn't think they'd take it well, and she doesn't think her mom will even side with her. Just curious if I'm way off base here?   **TLDR:** My wife's siblings bring their pets to holidays, my wife is allergic and takes Benadryl but is groggy and feels like shit all day. AITA for telling them no more pets at "all day" holiday get togethers? (Or having my wife tell them, not necessarily my place).
e8tt9q	 This is going to be so long, apologizing in advance!   Some background, I (20f) nor my mother and brother  have never been super connected to my fathers extended family. They have a drastically different lifestyle and family dynamic that makes it extremely hard to spend time with them.   In the past week my mother, brother and I decided to go visit my grandmother and (half) aunt for lunch, I was home from university and we figured it was time for a visit. Everything was fine throughout the few hours we were there, until my grandma requested that we take a photo together since this was one of the few times all of her grandchildren were together.   Now, my half aunt has three children and her parenting ideologies are so drastically different from my mothers side of the family that I often feel the need to tip toe around the kids if that makes sense (not saying better or worse parenting, just very very different). I am the oldest of 15 cousins on my mothers side, so I have dealt with my fair share of tantrums throughout the years, and have never experienced any reaction like this. My younger cousin (2) was having a huge temper tantrum over this family photo, screaming running around throwing a fit. She was obviously tired, cranky and being sort of bratty, so in the way I have many many times I just kind of picked her up and started jokingly swinging her around and trying to get her to calm down for the picture (She was trying to run out of the room and I was in the doorway, it’s not like I ran across the room in front of my aunt to do this).   This caused my half aunt to start screaming at me about putting her child down, which I immediately did and left the room and waited out by the car to leave. The way she screamed at me I would compare to screaming at an intoxicated man trying to grab your child on the street. After a few minutes my aunt came outside and started explaining to me why she did what she did. She justified her reaction by saying that she’s trying to teach her daughter that about personal boundaries and that she deserves to be respected, which I don’t disagree on. I disagree on the fact that she thought her reaction and the way she spoke to me was necessary and appropriate.   My response was along the lines of I respect the idea behind it, but that is not an appropriate way to speak to your niece, my mother and grandmother both agreed with me. So, WIBTA for refusing to be around my half aunt and younger cousins after this?  Edit**  This side of the family has been extremely manipulative and toxic towards my father my whole life. The main reason why we went to visit is because my uncle had been contacting my dad saying my grandmother is dying which she was not.
e8tpj5	My BF and I (together nearly a year) had a bit of a spat over the weekend that got resolved via text. Yesterday I was still feeling a bit down so I texted asking if I could come over after work and spend the night with some cuddles. He replied affectionately saying that would be great.   When I got there I did my best to be quiet and get situated without waking him up (he gets up at 5:30am and it was 10:30pm). He woke up as soon as I touched the bed. I apologized and joked about him being a superhero for feeling such a light touch. He said something that I didn’t catch, but sounded annoyed.    We smoked a cigarette silently. I gave him a few strokes/kisses but didn’t try to talk because he didn’t seem in the mood to. When I went to clear off the bed he asked in a stressed voice where his keys were. I had only moved a pizza box and clothes so far. He snapped that “these things were important”.  I said I know and turned on the light on my phone to ensure I didn’t displace anything precious as I continued trying to move things off the bed (his room is very cluttered).    As soon as I turned on phone he was annoyed and asked me to turn it off, grumbling as it flashed while I tried. He said I might as well turn on the lamp because “it makes no fucking difference now” and pulled a blanket over his head.   I finish and am laying there hurt because he acted pleased about me coming over, and when I got there proceeded to be irritated with me being there at all, it seemed.    I had a past toxic relationship filled with hurt silence, taking it bc I had nowhere to go. Laying there feeling now, I decided I’d rather just leave and go home. I can just leave these days.    Well that goes over badly. I get my stuff on and he sits up and I say it doesn’t seem like cuddles are on the menu and I’m feeling worse than I was before and I love him but I’m gonna just go. He says thanks for ruining his sleep and he’s not gonna sleep all night now.    I exit and smoke a cig, kinda hoping he’s going to text or call or come outside. Dumb I know. My phone rings and it’s him asking something irrelevant. I started to explain myself and he interrupted to say again that I ruined his nights sleep and hung up on me mid word.    Now I’m pissed and hurt. I was going to wait for him, but that’s immature and also he might not ever reach out first. So I texted him today saying that I left bc it felt like I was irritating him and unwanted and I didn’t want to sit in the dark trying to be quiet while feeling hurt. I said we should talk, I hoped he slept ok, and I love him. He hasn’t responded.    AITA for leaving and ruining his nights sleep? Did I overreact and do more damage by leaving? I still feel angry like I’m the one wronged.  I don’t know if that’s right or if this is just more leftover baggage from my past relationship. I don’t know what the healthy viewpoint is. I feel wretched.    Sorry this is long/stupid. I just need to know if I behaved badly.
e8togy	So my girlfriend (26) has a long history of being paranoid and anxious about me (33) cheating.  When we first started dating she found pictures in my google drive (i didnt know existed) and since has had issue with my phone.  Its been 3 years since the incident.  I deleted the google account completely to be sure they would never return.   Now she inisists on being able to go through my phone when she wants and always takes anything to do with a female out of context (gets mad about having a coworkers number saved or if a woman texts me in any context (usually to switch a shift) she gets upset and has a meltdown.  Anytime i want to do something social i have to fight with her for a full day to do so. She doesnt let me hang out with my coworkers if there are women around and because of this i have been caught lying (said i was going to a buddies house we went to a pub to hang out with a couple of my guy friends) so i could go have a beer with my friends.  Now my question is is me asking for a little privacy considering we live together, sleep together, wake up together and are never apart too much to ask or am i being insensitive to her anxiety?  I know the lying to hanve drinks with the guys is unnacceptable and i already paid my price for that am i still paying said price?  In fairness i forgot a paragraph.  She also found in my internet history that i had a tinder profile.  Again before we met and i never even talked to anyone on it.  I got an email from tinder and went in to cancel my account she saw the history i showed her the account wasnt active but i swiped left a few times for shits and giggles she still gets upset over this (3years later)
e8tnui	A few months ago a member of my fiancé’s family bought a new house with their partner and moved in. They needed a bigger house for the dogs as they had 5 of them and planned to make a business out of “Pedigree breeding”.  However around a month and a half after they moved in to the new house they asked for help to drive some stuff from their old house to their new house. My fiancé agreed to help while I took the kids.   When she arrived to help she found that 4 of their dogs (2 6 month puppies & 2 adult dogs) have been living in the house themselves for just over a month with almost 0 human interaction. The puppies were living in a crate and were skin and bone, had cut paws from the crate and smelled due to the crate not being cleaned and the adult dogs had been constantly fighting, under fed and covered in cuts (1 being unable to walk from a bite to the lower back). My Fiancé phoned me in tears at the state of the dogs, took some photos to show me, dropped some stuff off at the new house and came home.   Once my Fiancé came home, we both agreed phoning animal protection anonymously would be the best thing to do, family or not. We discussed the option of mentioning it to the responsible family members, but the dogs were in urgent need of care & medical attention and any time we politely called them out we were ignored/fell on deaf ears so we ruled that out.   2 days go by after the call and we find out that the dogs were removed from the house and from their care. However, 3 days later we get a letter from social services as a report had been filed against out 2 children. At this point we both know the family in question called social services as a “tit for tat”. Social services come out, close everything the same day as they were aware it was a malicious call.   Now months later there are family fall out and my Fiancé feels bad about loosing a relationship, but I am against any interaction with the ones responsible from now on, so Reddit AITA?
e8tk3s	My roommate threw a huge fit because I didn’t wash her plates that were lying in the sink for hours, when I was washing mine. She never washes my plates, and instead, if I do leave them there for just a couple minutes, she constantly reminds me to do it. When I was washing my plates I thought to myself, “well if she would wash my plates every once in awhile if I left them there instead of telling me to wash them, then I’d wash hers too.” So I just washed my own plates and left hers there. When she came home, she was furious to see that I didn’t wash her plates and called me a horrible human being because I do everything “tit for tat.” She went on to say that she buys me things when she’s out, so I should feel that I should wash her plates as a nice gesture, but the thing is I always buy her things when I’m out too, because of her gesture. She says I should do it “just to be nice,” but my argument is why can’t she do it “just to be nice?”   TLDR; She never washes my plates yet got mad when I didn’t wash hers.   So am I the asshole for not washing my roommates plates?  EDIT: I also see that I am in fact doing things “tit for tat,” but is that so wrong?  EDIT #2: In fact, I remember I used to put her dishes away, but she wouldn’t put mine away, and instead put them on the floor of my room, so that I would put my own dishes away. I think this might be where my “tit for tat” behaviour started.  EDIT #3: In her defence, they were plates I could’ve cleaned very easily. She only had soup so all I had to do was rinse them.
e8tidb	My boyfriend & I have been together for 2 yrs now. Around 1.5 yrs ago i moved to a new country with my boyfriend, & all I had was him and his family. So I trusted them &spoke to them privately as if they were my own family. 1 year ago, my bf and I moved out of his parents house (we stayed for about 3 months so we could save).Shortly after we moved, my bf little brother(19) threw a tantrum.He went out of his way to try to break us up, saying it was because we didn’t invite him out enough/spend enough time with him even though he never went out of his way for us and never wanted to go when we invited him.   He began the drama by talking to family friends about how I was a slut. Then he proceeded to tell them VERY private things about my uncles sudden death and my best friends death (cancer), 2 things I struggle with on a daily basis. After he told them, they all decided to post this info on twitter and mock my past. It was everyday for a month.  We confronted him and he lied to our faces and blamed it on my boyfriends mother. (The family friends told us that he was the one who mocked everything). Since we knew it was him who did it, he blocked me on everything &blamed the situation on us.   This happened in Jan, now it’s Dec & I finally got an apology. But he didn’t apologise for what he did, he apologised for the way I took things(he doesn’t think he’s done anything wrong).I’ve completely cut him out of my life since this happened. My bf wants nothing to do with him either, the situation was quite hard on both of us. His brother has apologised to my bf multiple times, but refuses to speak to me. Everyone says I need to move past it bc he didn’t know better, but he’s the same age as me! I acknowledge the fact that it might be hard on my bf parents, as they have 2 sons that don’t speak. However, we still see them and the relationship hasn’t been effected by this. We still go to events with him around, we just choose to not speak to him.   My boyfriends parents rarely speak to me about the subject. If I let his brother back in my life, I go against everything i’ve ever stood for. I don’t joke around about the subject and have never allowed people to do so. If I just ignore that this happened &go back to how it was, I feel like it’s me that has to suffer & he gets a free pass.   I’ve had conflicting feelings recently, so am I the asshole for cutting him out?
e8tgyy	My therapist keeps telling me I need to do a better job of setting boundaries with my family, but I am getting so much crap for this decision I need a bunch of objective strangers to tell me if I'm setting a reasonable boundary or being an asshole.  The backstory: My sister has been living overseas for the past year and will be coming back for a visit late next month. She has very little money and no car. She will be staying with me and using me for free transportation. She wants me to pick her up from the airport. I have agreed, but I refuse to leave to pick her up until my son gets out of school. This leaves her waiting at the airport for 2 1/2 - 3hrs after a 13hr flight.  The airport is a major international airport in a different city. Even though it is usually only an hour drive from my suburban apartment, in traffic it can easily be a 2-3hrs. The plane lands at 3:00PM on a Friday.   My side:  \- I don't leave town when my kid is in school. He has (minor but messy) health issues and gets sent home from school a lot. I switched from full-time work to freelance, in part, because I had to leave work to pick him up so often. For that reason, I don't typically go more than a 30-minute drive away during the school day,  \- I don't want my son to walk home from the bus stop when no one is home. He is 11 so while he can technically walk home and be alone for a few hours, I'm not comfortable with that for a few reasons. I can go into more detail but the shortlist is: bus bullies, creepy neighbor, shitty lock that sometimes sticks, son with ADHD that tends to forget what he was doing and wander off.  \- She has lots of other options! She could get an uber. She could rent a car. She could ride the train to the station that is a 5-minute drive from my house. She could spend the next 6 weeks finding someone else to pick her up on her schedule. Or, she could wait in the airport until I get there. I have offered to pick up kiddo from school a little early so we can get there sooner, but she doesn't want to wait at all.  &#x200B;  Her side:  \- She doesn't want to spend the money on an uber or a rental car since she is already hurting for cash. She's also afraid of getting assaulted by an uber driver.  \- She is a tiny person (barely 5ft, literally wears children's sizes) and is afraid of using public transportation with luggage because she might get robbed.  \- She doesn't want to have to wait in an airport lobby with all her luggage after such a long flight.  \- I have 6 weeks to find someone to help with my son.  \- I'm being a ridiculous hover parent.  Our family is on her side and telling me I'm being silly and that I should be more concerned for her welfare because she'll be a woman alone in a potentially dangerous situation.  AITA?
e8tg76	My dad almost everyday comes home drunk. He will come to room and almost everytime I am studying at that time, he will come in and say to stop using your phone so much, you have to study and get into a good college and into a good scholarship because I won't be there for you and that his time is near.   (Just to clarify I do use my phone a bit more than required but I also study for hours daily)   I really am emotionally frustrated and since my mom and dad aren't on good terms I can't even open up to her about this as it'll strain their relationship further.   And it's not like I am not even studying I am trying my best. I told him one day in his drunk state that I am studying and not actually wasting my time. He got pissed at me said I was talking back and didn't eat dinner just to guilt me.   So wibta the asshole if I asked him to not talk to me when he is drunk and only when he is sober?
e8te1i	Me and my best friend can barely ever make plans so whenever we do it’s super important to me and I look forward to it so much. We were supposed to do something, we had solid plans and she promised we were going to do it, but at the last minute she said she’s going to Mexico instead. She wants to reschedule for another week- when I’m busy- but I don’t want to rearrange my schedule for something that clearly wasn’t important to her. She didn’t plan the trip herself and didn’t know about it until recently, so she says it’s not her fault and I shouldn’t be mad about it, and that I should just reschedule and do it when it’s convenient for her. AITA for being upset?
e8td32	A cousin (23M) who I (22F) am close to moved out of my state a couple of months ago. I think some of the reason he moved is that he wanted to get away from his mother, which I get, since she has been very clingy with him since he moved out and did not treat him well when she was raising him. (I don't know all of the details, but she has always been an alcoholic and has taken issues out on him before)  I have a good relationship with his mom, mostly because I am still close with his little sister who lives with her. At a family event recently she told me she wants to go visit my cousin, but that she doesn't want me to tell him. I really want to tell him because I don't think that she should be surprising him like that, but I'm worried that this could start a fight between us since I'm the only one she told who would go out of their way to tell him about the trip.   It's also worth mentioning that since he moved out of her house he has started doing a decent amount of drugs - mostly weed, but I think I'm the only one in the family that knows he does other ones. If she surprised him with a visit, she might find out.  I don't want to get in a fight with her since she would most likely blow it up and get other members of the family involved, but I don't want him to be caught off guard by the visit either. Is this something I should even get involved in? WIBTA for telling him?
e8tajx	  Kid lives with my husband and me. He has finished high school, is not interested in college. He worked full time but recently quit, saying he wants to focus on developing an art-oriented business, but we don’t know much about he spends his time. He contributes minimally to the household and pays no rent. While he was still a minor he purchased a car, which had to be titled and insured in our name. He reimburses us for the portion of insurance attached to his car.   When he bought the car, we all agreed that upon his 18th birthday we would transfer ownership of the car to him. In the meantime, he has accumulated a driving record including an accident and several traffic stops for aggressive driving and speeding \~30 mph above the limit. As a result, securing car insurance is beyond his ability to pay. He cannot continue with our (affordable) policy if the car ownership is transferred to him. So, he doesn’t want to take ownership of the car and has resisted for several months.  We don’t want to own this car anymore. We could bear liability if someone is hurt, and we can’t control or even know how the car is used.  He says we shouldn’t mind because owning it doesn’t cost us anything, and how could he have known when he agreed that he would take the title that he would have to take on an unfair financial burden. If we won’t continue to own the car, he plans to register the car in a state that doesn’t require insurance and then drive illegally in our state.  We don’t want him to drive illegally, but we don’t agree that it would be our fault if he did so because he doesn’t want to take responsibility for his driving.
e8t9cc	I work in the school my son attends. It's time for their Chistmas concert and I out a lot of work into making sure my responsibilities were covered so I could attend his section for the concert. I look forward to this silly moment all year and he's of an age where it's important to him that he sees me there. I was sitting with my husband, and in the middle of his performance I was leaned forward over the vacant seats in front of me recording him. The coworker responsible for covering me during that time came in and started talking to me. I know exactly what was said because it was recorded and I've listened to it six or seven times trying to figure out what went wrong. I said (rather desperately, tbh)   "Please wait!". She immediately got louder.   "What?!  Are you serious?"   I said "Please wait two minutes, please!"  "Are you serious right now?"  "Please wait two minutes it's the only time he is on!"   "I can't believe you! Are you normal?!"   Then she stomped off. When the concert finished I went to talk to my boss about what happened. She was in there angry and crying. She started yelling saying I insulted her and embarrassed her in front of clients. I am ashamed to say I yelled back. I have never lost my temper at work. My boss stepped between us and I left to wash my face and calm down. I talked with my boss after and explained my side and show the video.   It has now turned into a meeting with the director and my boss and her tomorrow and I am supposed to apologize.  I showed the video to them and while the director said "that doesn't seem like much of an exchange" he is still asking me to apologise and gives the impression she was the victim because her feelings were hurt more.   I dont know if I was an asshole and just Mama blind, so please tell me reddit, Am I the Asshole?
e8t6ex	I recently got my first job (I'm 19) and received my first salary. I generally try to be somewhat private about myself because I have trust issues with my mom due to how easily angered she is over small things or how panicky she is whenever I am not home a bit later than she expected (a bit of a helicopter parent, to say the least), and when asked about how much I got paid I just said it's not important, which led to us arguing but me maintaining that I have a right to privacy and that it's my own personal information, and her arguing that because I earn above minimum wage, meaning she won't get alimony fees (note: where I live the minimum wage is NOT a livable wage), and that I am not telling how much I earn she can simply not make/get food for me or care for me at all, as well as threatening me with asking my country's IRS about how much I earn with the official reasoning of understanding why she should not get alimony (although I am willing to doubt they would provide such information). In a nutshell, she threatened to cut me off.  I just do not want her to take advantage of knowing the amount of money I have (which is still rather little), and believe that it is normal for a person not to tell how much they earn. And I don't tell anyone in the family how much I earn either, due to the fact that I believe it's private.  Am I the asshole here?
e8t41g	Throwaway because I don't want drama in my normal account.  Sorry if I don't express myself properly. English isn't my first language, and I'm not used to talking about stuff.  So this weekend is my half-sister's second birthday. It's going to be in a different city and it's kinda really far, about 2.5 hours drive, but given the time of the year and the fact it's a weekend, it's gonna be a longer drive. It's a beach city, and it's summer here.  My parents divorced a long time ago, and my dad remarried about 4 or 5 years ago. I have no problems with my step-mom or half-sister, but my dad is the problem.  He isn't abusive, by any means. Just has never been the best dad. He has gotten much better then when I was a kid, but he still has a lot of stuff I am tired of dealing with. Don't really wanna go into detail, but as an exemple: the last time me and my brother went to visit them, when it came to coming back, he promised he would bring us back home. But when I went to ask him at the end of the trip, he said he had booked us in a traveling app, which is really dangerous where we live, and I got mad at him. My problem isn't that he couldn't bring us back, but that he didn't even bother to ask, or tell us anything. He constantly lies to me about this stuff. In the end, we ended up going back by bus, which is fine, it should've been like this from the beggining. So, after this, I kinda never wanted to travel with him again, because I don't trust him.  Other points I should mention is that I feel unconfortable with my dad's side of the family. They are loud and obnoxious, which wouldn't be a problem, if the left me out of it. But they constantly make fun of me and what I like, especially if they're drunk, whick they constantly are.  My brother also isn't on speaking terms with my dad, so this time around, I would go alone.  Also, if it's relevant. I have helped my step-mom with some decorations for the party, and already bought a present for my half-sister. Gave it to my dad, so he can give it to her.
e8t1t1	Since a child me and my mother have had a very fractured relationship. It culminated in me violently attacking her when i turned 24 or so, which then lead to me being sectioned under the mental health act, diagnosed with autism and other mental health issues. Fast forward to Easter this year and we had an epic row. She came out with the news she had cancer and then immediately started asking for money towards a holiday for when she started her chemo, even though i have no job and live off disability benefits because of my various issues, which includes a fear of people.  I snapped. I went home that day, after having argued with my mother and siblings all day and realised my mental health is more important than the abuse and crap. So, i cut her off. Completely.   I sent her a message saying if she tries to break my wishes for no contact, I'd have to contact the police, then blocked her.  I'm now beginning to think I'm the asshole for having to cut her off, especially as she's going through cancer but years of emotional and narcissistic abuse has had it's toll. I'm literally *terrified* of her and I'm fed up of feeling like she controls my life.....but i feel like an asshole for going no contact.  So reddit, am i the asshole here?
e8t1hi	Ok context, two friends are ill with a cold/flu and its just over a week before i go home for Christmas. One of my friends came to class today really ill and she thinks shes got a chest infection so coughing sneezing you get the drift.   Ive already said to both of them that I really really dont want to get ill because if im ill when i go home i will probably end up passing it onto family members (with heart conditions, babies and elders) who cant handle colds and flu like the rest of us and can be really dangerous. Another friends grandma was in a coma because her cousin gave her flu and it developed into a serious infection.   Ive told them this and one of my friends bears that in mind. However my other friend has since been coughing without covering, breathing in my face and wiping her hands on my stuff since.   I went and got a flu jab to try and help protect myself and by default my family but i know it takes a couple weeks to start working yet even when I explain this all she says is “well youve had a flu jab so 🤷‍♀️”   I then asked her if she could stop wiping her hands on my stuff because i dont want to get ill but then she just said “you just being mean”  Idk how else i can say it except not going back to class for a week or so till shes not contagious.   AITA?  TL;DR  Asked my friend to cover her mouth because i dont want to catch her flu and possibly spread to my at risk family members
e8szdh	Went on a date and as soon as we sat down I could smell this man's breath even while his mouth was closed. It was a rotting smell like years of plaque build-up and decay. Visually, his teeth were in pretty bad shape; tons of plaque. I'm fairly sure he knew I noticed because he covered his mouth on occasion while speaking. What surprised me is that he has a lucrative job and talked about enjoying luxury activities-- so I know he can afford dental care (if it's not already covered by insurance).  At the end we discussed date #2, which I agreed to mainly because I didn't want to turn him down in person (we were not a good fit for reasons other than his breath). He offered to get an uber and drop me off on his way home to which I agreed. We're waiting for the car and he asks for gum...and I suddenly know what's coming.  In the car he's talking fairly close to me and the smell is intense. He goes in for a kiss- I turn my cheek but he gets my lips, and it's as bad as I expected. I'm dropped off and he opens my door and goes in for another kiss, again I turn my cheek and he says something along the lines of "oh come on give me a real kiss" so I begrudgingly give a peck on the lips.  The smell of his spit made me gag as I was walking in my building and lingered on my lips/face until I was able to wash it off. He goes on to text me a bit later to discuss meeting again and I reply with:  "I am telling you this not to be malicious- but as feedback that will improve your dating experience. You need to get your dental hygiene in order. I could smell your breath while your mouth was closed. The plaque smell lingered on my face when you kissed me. It has not only an unpleasant odor but an unpleasant taste. Issues like this can be a precursor or symptom of deeper health problems so please look into visiting a dental professional. I realize this is very blunt but I do not mean to upset you or criticize. That being said, I am going to forego getting together again. While I enjoyed your company, hygiene is important to me. Taking care of oneself is important to me. I need a partner who puts in as much effort as I do. I wish you the best"  I promptly blocked him as I really didn't want to discuss the matter or see him again. I sent the message because frankly I would want to know if I were him; he mentioned having some difficulty dating and I can guarantee his breath is one of the reasons. Perhaps I could have been kinder but I figured there's no point in beating around the bush seeing as we're adults and it's common sense to take care of your mouth. I do realize that he may have medical issues but perhaps he's unaware that it produces such a smell. Who knows.  So, AITA for telling this man he needs to get it together?  TL;DR My date had very poor dental hygiene/bad breath and told him exactly why we wouldn't be meeting again.  Edit for info: I'm early 30s female; He's late 40's male. Major US city.
e8sz1q	I (F 23) moved cities back on Oct 25 & had to get out of my old lease. I found a M 22, G, to take the room & he applied on Nov 6. The rental company just needed to check his credit & approve his co-signer. I already paid the Nov rent.   My previous roommate (M 20), T, who was still living at the place (major dickhead btw) needed to sign 2 forms, 1 stating that I will be removed off the lease & the another putting G onto it. T was worried that G wouldnt be approved so he only signed the form that gave the rental company Ts permission to put G on the lease if he was approved. T didnt want to sign the other form bc if G didnt get approved & I was legally off the lease, he & the other roommate (who is not on the lease) would have to cover that part of the rent.   I understood completely & told T that if G wasnt approved, I would keep paying the rent for the room & find someone else. We’ve been friends for years & Ive never broken his trust—he’s actually broken mine many times. T didnt listen. He wanted the rental company to approve G first, but the rental company made it clear that they cant do anything until T signs the form taking me off the lease. They told us both this & T would lie to me, claiming in went into the office & they told him they are actively approving G & he can sign the other form once Gs approved. Every time I talked to them they always said T needed to sign both before they can even start on G’s application. T was aware of this & received all the same emails & voicemails I did stating this.   Just last week (Dec 2) G finally got approved. T signed the other form on Nov 20. I think it took G so long to be approved bc of how long it took T to sign the other form. Bc of this, G had already found another job & was going to be moving out of state. But he did start moving in stuff before Thanksgiving (Nov 28) & was offered to relocate for work during that same week. However he just made me aware of this on Dec 6. He paid the rent on the 1st & never texted me about helping him pay for it. Until last Friday. He wants me to help pay for 25% of the rent for Dec since he never officially signed the lease.   I really dont think I need to. Hes the one who decided to move out. G told me from the start that he was going to be approved bc he has been before with the same co-signer. T took so damn long to sign the forms bc of stubbornness & G probs felt obligated to look into other options bc of how long it was taking. But now I feel like G is just trying to get some money out of me since he had no problem paying the rent when it was due. T is now demanding me to pay the rent until we find someone else, even though I held up my end of the agreement. G just decided to move out but I cannot help that. I’m legally off the lease now & held up my end. I feel like G should pay the rent but I’m not really sure.   WIBTA if I didnt help G pay for some of this months & didnt help pay the rent after G moves out?
e8swia	background info : I [21M] have been with my [20] gf for around two years now, we both have stable jobs but live in different cities so we only get to see each others on the weekend (1 hour drive)  The issue is that I feel like my gf is overly emotional and the smallest things would cause a fight which eventually leads her to cry. I'm talking about stuff like me forgeting to make the bed, or not picking up or even not toasting the bread enough (I swear I'm serious) Everytime we have such arguments I explain to her how it's not worth it to be mad about stuff like this and that we need to try to enjoy the little time we get to spend with each others instead, but her response to that is how I always minimize her feelings and not care about them. I know this seems like toxic environment but I really love her and pretty sure she does too, but still I have to deal with her uncontrollable emotions, so AITA?
e8swa5	My mom is deeply religious, and I am not. This used to be a big point of contention between us. We’re best friends now, but I used to resent her a lot, and her commitment to / interpretation of Christianity was a big part of that.  When I was 13, she flushed my antidepressants down the toilet and told me that all I needed to do was pray. The same year, she threw away a piece of jewelry that was important to me, convinced that a demon was using it to possess me. From ages 12-16, she allowed my unemployed, alcoholic father to verbally abuse me and my brother because she believed that, biblically, the man was the head of the household. My mother would always give 10% of her paycheck to the church in tithes, even as we were struggling to make rent, our house was infested with roaches and rats, and my clothes were full of holes.   Years later, she has apologized for all of this and I’ve forgiven her, but I’m still dealing with a lot of issues that arose as a result of it, including anxiety and depression. We’ve since moved states and my mother hasn’t actively attended a church in years, until recently. She’s been going through a pretty hard time and has found a great community of supportive people + a renewed sense of purpose within her church. I’m happy for her, I just personally want nothing to do with it. Recently, my mother asked me if, while home from school for winter break, I would attend just one church service with her.   Despite being an atheist, I think religions are fascinating. I have friends of many different religions, and have occasionally observed religious practices with them when I've been invited to do so. Outside of weddings and funerals, however, I have not stepped foot in a *Christian* church since I was 16. I still harbor a lot of resentment towards the church for being the root of most of my childhood strifes and traumas. It would mean the world to my mother if I went, but I’m finding this to be a pretty difficult hurdle to get past. WIBTA if I told her no?   EDIT: Part of my resentment for the church stems from being a lesbian and often listening to the pastor go off on anti-gay tangents. My mother is incredibly supportive of my sexuality and has known for years, but would ignore the pastor’s (my uncle’s) homophobia in order to enjoy the rest of the sermon. I would leave the service feeling pretty awful about myself, and resentful of her for not standing up for me when she knew I was gay.
e8ssnj	I went to school 2,000 miles from home (where my whole family lives) for my BS and MS. My father has Parkinson’s disease and traveling is very difficult for him. My aunt was pressuring him to go to my graduation. To take this pressure off him, I decided to skip my own graduation and come home early instead. I did so again a year later for my MS graduation for the same reason. My aunt has not let either of those incidents go and is still angry I didn’t go to my graduations. She insists it was selfish and immature.  It’s worth noting that my whole family was notified months in advance that I wasn’t going. No tickets needed to be cancelled or anything like that.  I’m pretty sure I did the right thing but after telling someone else recently, they thought I was an asshole and it has me wondering. Am I?
e8snj9	I hate being tickled but because I am so ticklish, my bf thinks I like it because I keep laughing, so he keeps doing it. I can’t avoid it. We might be on the couch and all of a sudden he’s tickling my feet. I’ve told him to stop before but he just finds it funny, and he says I’m cute when i laugh, so now i feel like an asshole for not taking part in what is a cute thing for him :/
e8skdb	Hello reddit! I need to know if I’m an asshole for overreacting or I had the right to be upset.   So to give you guys a little background my boyfriend and I have been seeing each other on/off for 2 years. It started as casual, and last August we became exclusive and last month we decided to become official (American way of dating is so hard to understand) He had a traumatic experiences in his past relationships that made him difficult to commit again. He was single for 10 years and this is the first time he had tried again.   Anyway, last night we had to go to the grocery store to buy ingredients needed for our dinner but before that he had to meet a friend. He’s a chef and have his own restaurant and he wanted his friend to try his new recipe. We went down to the lobby of his condo and gave the food. He introduces me as a friend and I was taken aback.  So after their meeting I was in a bad mood and told him, “oh I’m a friend?” and he responds jokingly like, “yeah, you are a friend” and I rolled my eyes on him and he said, “I’m sorry I didnt know why I said that. I was supposed to say “this is my special friend, (my name)” and laughed. I became more irritated because I feel like he didn’t realized I felt really disrespected. So the whole trip I was ignoring him or at least being cold. And when we went back to his place I went straight to his guest bedroom and stayed there.   My boyfriend is the most caring guy I know he kept on checking on me, giving me medicine, tea etc (I was sick) but never ask about how I feel so I still felt that he’s ignoring the issue. I ended up staying in the guest bedroom the whole night because I needed to be alone to re-evaluate my actions, feelings and trying to rationalize what he did. I cried cos it made me feel like he’s ashamed of being with me but at the same time I felt like I was being demanding so I also feel bad for being mean to him.   I always have a problem with opening up and I’m scared to said hurtful things when my emotion is high because I don’t want to stain our relationship. I know how words can affect a person so I’m very careful with it so I thought I should better be alone.   In the morning, I woke up feeling really like an asshole for being mean to him inspite of him being so nice so I went to his room and cuddled him and told him I was sorry for being mean and thanked him for being so caring last night. He just smiled and hugged me.  We are okay now but I feel like it doesnt solve the issue. I’m still very upset and I wanted to know if it’s necessary to talk about what happened last night.   So am I the asshole for reacting like that?   Tldr; my boyfriend introduces me as his friend and it made me felt upset that I ended up ignoring him the whole night
e8sj7j	Me (31F) and my sister (36F) & used to be super close for the last 11 years. We had many of the same interests, went through emotional ups & downs, & even broke up w/ long term SOs at the same time & got a place together for a year to sort our sh*t out. All of this to say, that it makes the current situation today that much more difficult.   In 2015, she got back together with a guy who basically treats her like an option. They'd been on again, off again for a while because he couldn't get himself together (late 30s with tons of debt, no desire to get a better job, drinking/tons of drugs, no car or even a liscence because he doesn't like government regulation,etc.) A real winner. I could look past all this plus his his anti-vaxxing, anti-GMO, anti-tap water, & other nonsense if he at least was good to my sister & made her happy.   Nope. Throughout the last 2 years, his behavior has gotten worse. He repeatedly breaks up with her, dates other people, & always comes back to her. (She's at fault for that, I'll admit. Quit taking him back because no one else wants him.) He doesn't defend his garbage friends from low-level making fun of her, he makes no effort to get a car & relies on her to ferry him around, & allows his family to be nasty to her because she's not religious like them. Oof.    So I know she's at fault for keeping him around- but recently, I found out that he pursued a potential relationship with a 17 year old girl at work. He's is higher up at work than her, & claimed to not know she was only 17. There was flirting/texts/a "date" out/etc, which-at the time when he & my sis were broken up- she called out as despicable.  I, on the other hand, think that its also predatory, a major red flag, and even though she's forgiven him (since they're back together again) I am still at a huge nope with this guy.  In the years they've been together, she's gradually lost interest in things she used to like, she doesn't have as many friends because he didn't like them, & we barely chat. Meanwhile, dude knows that I (and the rest of my family) don't like him, but I'm the only one not trying to go out of my way to be friendly.    I've made no secret of how I feel about him, ONLY because she asks. The holidays are coming up, so I'll be seeing more of him- but she's also started including him in family trips & I am 100% not here for it.  I can tolerate being polite to him, but she is insisting I try to make nice & that everything is fine.    AITA for not playing nice with this guy, & for sticking to my guns that this guy is trash?  I love my sister & miss the relationship we used to have, but I can't justify it at the cost of ignoring the elephant in the room.  Tl,dr; Sisters boyfriend is predatory trash that keeps her around as an option, & I refuse to be nice to him.
e8siec	My wife hates insects and touching fish, yet she loves going camping and fishing (as do I).   However, whenever we go camping, inevitably, insects will enter the tent, car, land near food etc. This really bothers her and she will leave the area until I have killed the insect. Whenever possible, I try to remove the insect / spider etc without harming it. She isn’t too happy and worries it’ll come back. (She doesn’t get *angry*, just complains a little.)  When we go fishing, she asks me to unhook any fish she catches, which isn’t too bad. I don’t mind touching them at all. Somewhat annoying I need to drop my rod to help though. But if she wants to cook what she catches, she asks me to gut the fish. I am really not keen on this because ...well I feel bad about taking its life unnecessarily. The last time we went camping, I refused to gut the fish she caught and asked her to let me return it to the pond, as we already had plenty of food. She agreed but then complained that she wanted to catch and eat fresh fish like we did the last time we went camping. If we had not had any food with us, it would have been different.  The same happens for any insects that might enter our home. I always put them outside (unless it’s a wasp) and she is worried they’ll find their way back in and asks me to just kill them. Today, for example, a bee was in our bedroom. She freaked out and begged me to kill it. We have wasp spray so I told her to use that, but she refused and said she was scared. So, I did it. But I felt terrible about it...As I put the dying bee outside I sincerely wished it would have recovered and flown away.   My aversion to killing things is not based on any religion or anything. I just feel they have the right to life and we shouldn’t take it unless our lives are in danger (wasps). I always feel bad when I kill something she asks me to and even when I put insects in tissues to toss them outside, I worry I might have hurt them. My wife has known that I hate killing / hurting things since we started dating, so this isn’t new.  Today I was relaxing downstairs from a long and hard day of work when she asked me to go upstairs and kill the bee. I wanted to say “From now on, if you want something killed, please just do it yourself.”   WIBTA if I said that and refused to kill insects, spiders, and fish when she asks me?
e8sf6o	My friend/colleague is a nice guy but has a huge ego. A lot of people in the office don't really like him but I don't think he's so bad.  As he's our union rep I asked him a question about a certain way to grieve something our management did. I had a feeling he didn't want to grieve it because it didn't benefit him but I wouldn't say anything. Upon asking him, he right away said we couldn't grieve that certain way because of our agreement. He said he could show me if I wanted and I said no and that I would take his word because I was super busy with a heavy workload.  A little while later I was in the middle of fixing a major problem and my friend came up to me (he waited until I was done working with someone regarding this problem) with the agreement to show me that he was right. I told him it's okay I didn't need to see it and I couldn't look at it at the moment but he kept persisting until I lost my cool and sternly said "I really really can't right now!".  I didn't scream or yell or give any mean faces. I'm not taking this out of context. I'm a very patient person until i get pushed too far. My voice was more stern than normal for sure though. I acknowledge I just might be the asshole but I'm frustrated that my friend didn't listen to me and was pushing this on me just to make himself feel right. Now he's been acting weird despite me still being friendly with him after this incident. AITA?  Update: I apologized to my friend. I know he will not be able to see why I was frustrated but I recognize my actions were  harsh and i can only be accountable for my actions and I know i can move on and get over his actions.
e8sf3a	I’ve been going back and forth whether I should do this or not, please let me know what you honestly think.   My boss Phil has been harassing several rank and file employees in our unit since he assumed his position two years ago. He gets away with it because the harassment is always verbal/unwanted attention as opposed to physical/direct propositions, so the victims feel that they have a weak case and HR will just give Phil a slap in the wrist. They are also afraid that he will use his position to try to get back at them afterwards.  Phil’s acts of harassment include telling them unwelcome complements about their appearance, giving them gifts like chocolate and jewelry and telling them to wear the jewelry to work, texting them after office hours saying he will drop by their apartment because he needs to give them something but not wanting to say what that something is when asked (no one entertained him).  A few weeks ago we had a new rank and file employee, Cass, started in our unit. After only a week of working she went to HR to complain that my boss had asked her sexual questions during a verbal conversation. HR is still investigating the complaint and transferred Cass to a different office location while Phil is halfway through his two week preventive suspension.   Phil is defending himself by saying that he was obviously joking and Cass is just trying to get back at him because during their conversation he reprimanded her about her tardiness. He said he has been with the company for two years and has never been accused of harassment.  My coworkers and I believe Cass and encouraged the staffers that Phil previously harassed to report their own harassment incidents to HR to strengthen Cass’ case. Two of them saved Phil’s harassing text messages and previously sent screenshots to our group chat. I still have those screenshots and I really want to take them to HR because I believe that they will strengthen Cass’ case.  My problem is that the victims are still hesitant to report Phil because they’re embarrassed to be victims of harassment and don’t want to be gossiped about (Phil’s sexual harassment case is a big deal in our company and everyone in our department is talking about it). They also don’t want to be transferred to another office location like what HR did with Cass because they live near our office.   I understand that their experiences are personal matters that not mine to tell, but I feel guilty that we are basically leaving a victim of harassment out there to fend for herself when we have the means to help her. It would be easier if HR went to me or my coworkers and asked us to confirm anything, but it’s been a week and they haven’t talked to anyone in our unit at all.
e8s9yt	TL;DR: an ex sunk into depression and relied on me for emotional support. I got overwhelmed and blocked her from contacting me.  Long version: A couple years ago I got romantically involved with a coworker. We'd been friendly, but it escalated and we soon found ourselves dating. Despite being in our 30s, this was her first serious relationship; she said I was the first person she'd ever slept with. She was very into me.  After a couple of months, it wasn't working for me. I liked her, but it didn't seem like there was any long-term potential. So I broke it off. We still liked each other, and we had to continue to work together, so we continued to be friends at work, but stopped dating or seeing each other after work hours.  After the breakup, she clearly became depressed. Weight loss, lack of sleep, crying at her desk. Every conversation I had with her turned to how much she missed our relationship. She continually looked to me for comfort - both verbal comfort, and what physical comfort I felt comfortable giving her. (Just hugs, pervs.) I asked her to see a therapist, but she refused, saying I was the only person she felt comfortable opening up to.  This went on for nearly a year until her depression affected her work performance and she got fired. Her last day, she told me that the worst part about being fired was not seeing me, and she asked me to promise that we would still be friends. I said yes. I still cared about her, and I hoped that perhaps not working with me would give her the space she needed to get over the romantic relationship.  What I didn't anticipate is what a RELIEF it was to not see her every day. I didn't realize how much it was weighing me down to provide her the support she was looking for.  Unfortunately, she continued in the same mode. Depressed, still messaging me to look for support. Said I was her best friend, the only person she could talk to about what she was going through, how afraid she was that I would drop out of contact now that we didn't see each other at work, that I promised we would still be friends.  It was overwhelming for me that she was so dependent on me for emotional support. It also made it very hard to get romantically involved with anyone else. I would ask for some space, and she would continue to message me. I muted her at one point, and came back to find a dozen messages telling me that she needed to talk to me, couldn't lose whatever contact we had left, etc.  After over six months of this, I finally hit my breaking point. I told her I need time, and I blocked her in my phone and on every social media network in which we're connected.  I feel a sense of freedom, but also a tremendous sense of guilt. This is someone who I really do care for, and who I would like to see find some happiness. I know that she's feeling loneliness and despair right now. But at the same time, can I really be expected to subsidize her emotional well-being at the cost of my own?  So tell me, Reddit: Am I the Asshole?
e8s9ye	First post on reddit here so forgive any errors...  My (25F) family is rather large, and we have been hosting both Thanksgiving and Christmas at my parents house for nearly 10 years. Their house is the only home big enough to hold everyone comfortably. My mom is also one of those people that cleans for like a week before everyone comes even though the house was already clean.  This year, however, another family member has taken over the plans without speaking to any of us about it first and decided to host Christmas at her house. Her house is much smaller, could still fit everyone but certainly not comfortably. Also, I hate to say it, but their house is disgusting year round. I am grossed out by the kitchen and the bathrooms particularly, and I know my immediate family is as well. Both of my grandmas and one of my aunts are clean freaks, so I can assume that their opinion is the same.  When I learned that Christmas would be at their house this year, I was surprised at first (just due to tradition), then disappointed. One for knowing Christmas wouldn't be the same this year, two knowing that I would be slightly uncomfortable at their house. I was also a little irked that she didn't talk to my mom about it first. When my mom found out, she immediately said that they wouldn't be able to go because my dad is highly allergic to cats, and they have a couple of cats and dogs. I obviously want to be with MY PARENTS on Christmas, but skipping out on it all of it just makes us seem bitter at the whole situation.  Are we the assholes for 1) being upset at the whole situation and 2) skipping it?  Edit: my dad has HORRIBLE allergies every time he leaves their house, not like an allergic reaction but definitely not well.
e8s8zl	I (late 20's F) live alone, pay all may expenses and my mom's health insurance (a left over from a previous job benefit). My brother (early 30's) lives with my mom and pays for all of her expenses. Dad is dead and mom uses his pension for travel with friends inside the country (after my dad died she quit her job and started to live off my brother as that is something we would not allow with my dad)  Ever since I came of age I wanted to move out of my parent's house, but when I started working as an intern my mom told me that I had to chip in almost half my income for common 'house expenses' (something she did not ask of my brother until he was settled in his job and made good money). Whenever I saved enough money to start looking for a place some financial 'emergency' happened that wiped out all of my savings (the cherry of those was when my mom had a seasonal job, knew she would not be working for 3 moths yet bought a suuuuuper expensive thing that she could not afford on my dad's credit card and I had to pay because my dad had a coronary disease and it was causing him a lot of stress).  Once I was planning to go on holidays with my parents (I offered to pay as I wanted to do something for my dad). Later I got fired and I decided to make a gap year in the place we were visiting (taking advantage of the plane ticket, having holidays with my mom but not coming back). As my dad had to opt out of the holidays at last minute because of his health, my mom guilt tripped me as she was supposedly scared of planes even though she had a great time on them ('If you're not coming back, then I guess I'll have to stay here and miss this one in a lifetime trip that I'll never be able to make on my own' \*cue lot of sobbing\*). She managed to deplete most of my money on those holidays while making me miserable and guilt tripping me into doing stuff of or going to places I hated 'as she would never had another chance while I'm young and have more opportunities'. Without money I couldn't apply for the visa I needed (also, she still kept me paying the same amount of money as when I had a job for 'house expenses').  After my dad died I saved money and told her I was moving out just a couple of days before. She tried to guilt trip me sobbing constantly that I should wait until she could help me find a better place (I live in an amazing place and got a super cheap deal as the owner has constant panic attacks and her cousin had to deal with renting out the apartment in a very short holiday here).  Now I get the opportunity to take the gap year I always wanted, but even better as it would be with friends. We have to do it in the next few months as one of the guys is about to reach the age limit for the working holiday visa of this country and I'm afraid my mom will try to ruin things.  **TL;DR: IATA for not telling my family that I would leave them for so long until I'm about to hop on the plane for fear of them meddling?**
e8s8i5	Girlfriend(26) and I(25) moved into an apartment together about half a year ago. Before we moved I asked her how much she could reasonably afford to split rent. We settled on a number and moved in.   All was good at first but then I notice she is kind of struggling so jump in and say, "hey, I make a decent amount more than you, and you primarily cook and clean so we can do a 65/35 split on the rent with me being the 65. She was happy, I was happy, all good.   Then I see she is still struggling and I finally ask her what's up and she finally confesses she is in a ton of debt. I won't say exact numbers but over $10,000 without school or vehicle. I then ask her why she is just now telling me this, especially after the talk we had about what each of us could afford.   She goes in to say that she was just so tired of living with her mother and needed out and blah blah. I get a bit mad at this point and tell her that was really stupid and what would you have done if you were moving out on your own. She said she would have handled it. That's where I kinda lost it the first time. Between her credit card bills and vehicle alone, she was paying upwards of $800 a month. She then told me she could afford $750 to split rent with me to move in. She only makes about $1600 a month so when all this came out I was just like wow.  After I calmed down we talked some more and figured it out. I could afford most of the payment myself and she could chip in enough to make it easier.   Fast forward a few months and we are looking into getting a house so we can build equity instead of just paying an apartment complex. I told her that while she is more than welcome to live there, only my name will be on the mortgage due to her poor credit score and spending history. She was ok with that and I bought the house. Once we got in the house, I told her that I didnt want her to pay any of the bills or mortgage or anything, just work on paying off her debt. She was very happy with that and we were once again all good  Fast forward to about 2 weeks ago to her birthday. Her mom gives her some cash and instead of putting it towards a credit payment, she spends all of it on Christmas decorations. On top of that she keeps insisting on another dog and she is still doing minor shopping here and there. This is when I finally blew up. I went off saying you live here for free and are still just shopping and not paying off you credit cards and not helping me with any bills.  What do you think would happen if you lived on your own, they would kick you out because you couldn't afford the rent. I'm about to tell her to go back and live with her mom of she can't take her finances seriously and grow up. Would that be taking it too far or do I need to do it to show her I'm serious about this.
e8s5wc	AITA: I (M23) lost my mother in the fall of 2018 and the season before found out my father was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer. We spent several months as a family grieving and in late in March (2019), (5-6 months later) my father found a girlfriend. I have been fine from day 1 with him having a relationship with someone and someone who he can spend time with, however I have zero interest in welcoming this lady into my life. After meeting her once, I was not a fan and was still (am still) grieving the loss of my mother. This lady is fairly class-less and has made no observations that she was unwanted (by myself and brother(19m) somewhat) in the home of my late mother. My father kept bringing her over the house every weekend until we got into a large argument about my dislike for her being in my house.   &#x200B;  He stated that he owns the house and proceeded to throw my brother and I out with 2 weeks to find a place to live. I was also fired from the family business. I took my savings, got a job and took in my brother as we found a new place to live.  My brother and I both spent a little over a month without speaking to our father who made no effort for communication or to help with moving or anything.  I am now about 6 months removed and have a decent relationship with my father who I used to have as good of a relationship as a son and father could have. We are working on rebuilding it. We get breakfast or dinner every other week or so and catch up.  Our most recent encounter led to him telling me I need to let his girlfriend be part of our relationship in order to have a good relationship with him and that my girlfriend (22f) who stood up to my father at his house telling him his girlfriend should not be allowed. (my father did not like this and banned her from our house prior to kicking me up and has not talked to her since). His Girlfriend screamed and had to be restrained from attacking my girlfriend after her comment that she should not come to the house because it hurts people who live there (me).  &#x200B;  So now If I want a relationship with my father that is the best it can be I have to allow this lady into my life who has in my opinion turned him against both me and my girlfriend. My father refuses to have any relationship with my girlfriend unless I have with his, which I refuse because I strongly dislike her for many reason (her past behavior, lack of care for my situation, poor etiquette, etc.) and my girlfriend refuses to ever be in the same room as her again.  Thoughts on this, AITA?
e8s2e9	So recently it’s been a rough year between me and my dad, but more towards my dad. He was in the marines for 30 years and got out about 5 years ago if I can remember.   He and my mom divorces and have been apart for some time now and he lives by himself. And I do have to see him or talk to him sometimes so he doesn’t bother my mom about stuff. I have little siblings who legally have to see him though. So I guess he’s fine there.  But the more I grew up the more I found out how abusive my dad was towards my mom and me as a kid but I didn’t understand. And I don’t really want to make this long but I’m short he hates my moms side of the family and he always told me how bad they were and I grew up thinking they were bad. But now grown up and being with my dad for thanksgiving and being with his side of the family I saw how they were in the past with racist thoughts and how often they were drunk and angry.  And the past 3 years have been rough between me and him. He wakes me up at 2am and yells at me for mistakes I’ve made and talks down to me. So I decided to move out recently and I also joined the military because I got the inspiration from him and he gives me shit for that aswell.   So since thanksgiving I haven’t talked to him or texted him even though he sent me a text saying that I’m not a man for not being around his family for thanksgiving because I couldn’t relate to any of them and made him look bad.  The thing is that, a lot of stuff in my life is similar to what he’s done and I do a lot of things because of him. And I don’t feel that he’s a good role model and I need to just separate from him for a while. But I feel bad, he’s depressed and he’s a bad alcoholic but when I tell him that it’s not healthy, he just calls me a piece of shit and I should have my own agenda. But I’m afraid that he might make a seriously bad decision but he won’t listen.  So is there better way to handle this?  TL;DR dad was in military for 30 years and I didn’t realize he was a very abusive person so I try to stay away from him. But I’m worried that because of his alcoholism, he will make a bad decision and when I try to help him he gives me shit.
e8s0ym	I have been back in my home town for almost 4 years after being gone for 5 years.   Since I’ve been back in town family requested my schedule. I am I very organized person, I have a detailed written calendar and that’s the way I prefer to see my schedule.   Upon their request I set everyone up in a shared google calendar where we would ALL post ANYTHING to do with our schedule.   Very early on I was the only one to post anything.  I post my work schedule, my workout schedule , if I planned to eat out with friends, all doctor appointments. And if I failed to do so for one week everyone would freak out.   For the past 3-4 years when anything would be happening to anyone else I would be the very last to know. Examples   "Sister is coming to town today and we've  known about it for weeks”  "My mother has a 20th anniversary party at work that's been planned for 6 months can you please come? It's tomorrow"   And I always get the guilt trip “Well surely that can let you off for this one thing, it’s ~FAMILLLLY~”  I am the manager of my department. I always make the schedule for a full month, two weeks before the start of the month. So everyone (including me) won’t have any surprises in the schedule. I ask everyone for “special requests off” and 9/10 everyone gets their request   AITA for blowing up on my family when I found out at 7 this morning that my Uncle would be in town at 12pm today when he only comes into town every 5-6 years. Copied and pasted the text down below changing  names  “I've taken everyone off my shared calendar.  Everyone wants to know my every fucking move, but shit that has been planned for months or weeks.  I only get told the week or day of, and everyone gets upset when I can't ask off when I make the schedule A MONTH in advance. Since no one wants to tell me their schedule no one gets to know mine.  The fact that literally every one knew that Uncle would be in town when he one shows up once every 5 years and I hear about it THE DAY he's coming into town. Is absolutely ridiculous. And this happens ALL THE FUCKING TIME. I’ve mentioned this for the past 4 years and still no one wants to include me in plans, I’m over it.  Get in my shoes two for minutes and see how frustrating that is”  Also its mother, grandmother, sister, and BIL so 4 people who always knows shit that I don’t.  Also, I usually don’t cuss at my family, but this has been building for years and very politely mentioned several times before.
e8s0p4	More accurately, AITA for for not complying with my wife on how she wants me to eat breakfast?   Over the last month I’ve started to use my coffee cup — after I’m done with coffee of course— as a cereal bowl. More exactly, I use my coffee cup for oatmeal. To me this makes great sense because of:  1. Efficiency ... There’s less dishes to clean up. Also it’s super easy to microwave the oatmeal in the cup. 2. Portion control. ... The coffee cup, even though large size, keeps me from eating too much breakfast.  Here’s the problem: my wife thinks eating my oatmeal out of a coffee cup looks like something a red neck would do. She doesn’t want me to do it and negatively comments on it almost every time.   I give her my reasons for doing it, per above. She will then ignore my reasoning and say I’m just doing it to piss her off (which is not the case). And I tell her it’s not the case.  I suppose I could simply comply with her request. Arguably I’m digging in my heels over nothing. But on the other hand I don’t want to be bullied. And why bully me over nothing? Also my  reasons for using the coffee cup are valid, certainly for me.  Finally, it’s just us at breakfast.
e8s0nw	The other day, my friend said a really inappropriate and mean comment that made both me and my boyfriend uncomfortable. She has a history of saying demeaning comments to me, trying to embarrass me publicly, and making jokes out of any relationship I have. I confronted her in a text message, basically saying she had violated a boundary of mine with the comment and it upset me. She just replied “sorry”. Technically it’s an apology, but I don’t feel like texting back “sorry” is genuine thought about how her actions hurt me. I do have a habit of holding grudges so I don’t know if I want to end the friendship but I also don’t want to be a doormat.   WIBTA if I stopped talking to her and held a grudge over an insincere apology?
e8ry4u	I’ll apologize for typos and mistakes beforehanD because I write typos sometimes.   I (18f) live in Europe and my boyfriend (21m) lives in the US. This Christmas we had planned for him to come visit me, after not seeing each other for over a year. I have warned him that I would have some shifts at my job, but he assured me it was fine. Now he has to have surgery done, and is advised not to travel, so the only other option is for me to come to him. To do this I will have to get someone else to take my shifts. I have been trying to do this, but since everyone wants to be at home for Christmas it is pretty difficult.   Today, he sent me a lot of angry and sad texts where he said he felt like I wasn’t making a big enough effort into getting off work. He said that how I didn’t just tell my boss it was his problem, it was a red flag. He thinks that I should “stand up for myself” and say I can’t work. This is a pretty new job to me so I can admit I have been reluctant to ask my boss for too many favors, but I am making big efforts to try and get those days off.   I feel like this is both wrong and unfair of him to say, considering I don’t feel good sticking it to my boss. Another thing is that this summer I expected him to come, and he took forever to decide and eventually didn’t come. I accepted this because I trust him to have put as much effort as he could to make it happen, but he still couldn’t.   I feel like I’m doing the right thing and trying the best I can, but am I the real asshole here?
e8rx42	So my bf and I adopted a 5 year old Labrador mix from the shelter about three months ago. The dog is very affectionate to both of us but definitely has a preference for me. I do all his feeding and we split walks between my boyfriend and I- I do the mornings and he usually does the evenings although I do tend to come on the evening walks. Last night it was raining a lot so I chose to stay in while my boyfriend walk the dog. When they came back my boyfriend told me that the dog didnt behave well on the walk and so to act mad to the dog. So I didn’t physically greet our dog, kept my face neutral but I did call him into the back room so I could dry him off. (30 seconds to a minute later) I am drying off the dog and he is doing what I ask him to do (stay, sit, lift paw ect) so I praised his listening. My boyfriend got mad and asked again for me not to praise the dog as the dog acted badly with him earlier. I tried explaining that dogs have no context so you got to correct in the moment or it means nothing or worse he associates drying off as a bad thing. Boyfriend said he didn’t care about that and to just do what he asked me. I said I didn’t see the point in doing it that way so wouldn’t. He got upset and stormed off to do an errand for the household. AITA for not just letting him have the win at the risk of confusing my dog momentarily?
e8rwx8	There is a teacher in my school who repeatedly puts his hands on female students, gets real close to them, and constantly bothers them, going as far to even start twirling ones hair. I want to report him but there is no concrete evidence, and I’m pretty sure some of the girls don’t even mind. He also works as a bartender at the place my friend works, and he sees him repeatedly grope the waitresses asses and some think it’s a joke and ignore it. I just don’t want this to end up getting dismissed and I look like an asshole
e8rwfz	I work in a business that provides insurance and retail services to customers. I've been doing my job for about three years now. My title is "Administrative Assistant" so I do a lot of communication for my team.  This morning, I got an instant message from a colleague (Joe) in another department. He had a question about a job one of my peers (Tom) is handling and wasn't sure who to contact. I knew the (correct) answer, so I quickly responded and forwarded the exchange to Tom to save everyone some time.  A little while later, Tom responds, "can you find out (more detail) from Joe?"  I invited Joe into the exchange and let him answer for himself, which he did. This is how I generally handle including new parties in an ongoing conversation, as I find it easier than forwarding an exchange and clogging up our messages.  Now, from my perspective: I'm aware that my job duties include assisting with communication as needed. However, that's more like, "please call this customer with a status update I'm perfectly crafting for you when you have time" or "please fax this document to the insurance company." It's not really supposed to be standard for all communication to filter through me. Was it really so hard after he typed his message, to then send to the correct recipient?  But from his perspective? I guess it was passive aggressive of me to just invite our co-worker to the conversation, because now he's sulking and asking me to look up info for him that I wouldn't necessarily have to access in my regular assigned tasks.   So, AITA for refusing to be a human relay for communication?
e8rqgv	It's been two months since I haven't reached out to them. I can't even open their messages even if it's just a simple reply to my instagram stories. I don't know what's gotten into me, I guess I just really want to isolate myself. It started at least two months ago where I didn't reply to our group chat when they were planning a beach trip for one of my friend's birthday party. Even if they endlessly tried to make me go despite my excuses, I still didn't budge.   I don't know, I don't really have the energy to go out of my house and socialize. Posting some stories or liking some tweets then and there takes less energy than actually hanging out.    Now, they're planning a Christmas Party and I still don't want to show up. I do love them and they're great friends, we've all been friends for 5 years now. We used to celebrate it at my house but while i'm writing this now, I actually just left them on read again. I don't know if I should feel guilty at all.
e8rq3a	I will try to keep this short but I’m still mad. My SO ordered me a beautiful camera harness in may, and paid upfront. After much delay, no communication without prompting, the package being sent to the wrong address (for which we paid the shipping costs to have that righted) I finally had the harness on September 20th, and a new lens I had just bought to second shoot at a wedding.   Everything is great for the first few hours, until I pick up my harness from a table, and the buckle snaps, sending my almost $1000 brand new lens and my also almost $1000 used camera body crashing to a concrete floor. Miraculously, it was okay, although I was texting my husband panicking that it was broken. This wedding was at a farm and I had terrible and spotty cell service, so he was getting my messages in fragments. Unbeknownst to me, he was messaging the maker and gearing up to demand money for the lens and then some. Anyways, somehow everything was okay, and I just juggled both of my cameras without a harness.   I wanted a full refund for the harness (and have since ordered a much better one that I love) but it was never even offered. Instead, the maker blamed the buckle maker and offered to send a replacement buckle, and throw in some extra leather goods as well.  My husband agreed, as he is not traditionally confrontational and just wanted SOMETHING by way of resolution, even if this didn’t seem very fair to me. But it was ultimately his money and his choice, so whatever. This offer and idea for resolution was made and promised in September, the day after the product failure, on the 21st. Then, more silence from the maker. Not a single word of update. My husband reached back out yesterday after no word, and told him to forget it. The maker was snide and condescending, which didn’t help.   I took screen shots of their conversations, from the literal months in between updates during the shipping process with all contact at my husbands behest, the non-accountability when the equipment catastrophically failed, etc. Yes, I was upset, so I compiled these in an Instagram story with no names or identifying features beyond a small Instagram logo that honestly isn’t recognizable, and posted a recap of my experience. The maker wasn’t even aware I did this, because I never tagged him.   The harness is still sitting in my car, we’ve never seen a replacement buckle, nothing. It cost $200 and it is fancy trash in my backseat. I saw it this morning, got frustrated all over again, and decided to message the maker directly myself to ask for the money back. He countered with threatening to sue me for libel, whining that he is a person with a family (like I’m not?) all while doing NOTHING to rectify his own product’s defect and whining that my husband and I were just being mean, essentially. After some quick research, I took down all the posts with screen shots to be safe. This man is not worth a lawsuit. But reddit, AITA for trying to get my money back and posting a non-identifying social media story?
e8rp46	I am a mom to a 7 year old. My kid’s dad lives two states away. He visits occasionally and wants plenty of videos from her, but in large is not a big part of her life. He’s not the issue here though. His step brother, who’s like his real brother since they grew up together, lives 15 minutes from me. He’s a nice guy, but he holds views I strongly disagree with. He has an 11 year old son who he teases about being gay for wearing scrunchies on his wrist. He has brought up how he would be ruined multiple times if his son was gay. He also defended my kid’s dad when he called some 16 year olds working a fireworks stand sluts for wearing(what I thought was)reasonably lengthed shorts in July heat. He has views I strongly find don’t align with how we’re raising my daughter.   The stepbrothers views aren’t far from my daughter’s father’s views. He asked why I was trying to raise a lesbian when she went through a TMNT phase. But I can’t really block her dad from seeing her and since he’s rarely around anyways when he says shit in front of her(on her 7th birthday he threw a fit in front of her that I hadn’t shown her how to shave her legs because apparently blonde baby hair is offensive to him), I take him to the side and tell him to please cut it out and then reassure my daughter that he was just joking around later on. Plus, my partner, who’s like her step dad, is a very good male role model without the weird comments so I don’t stress too much when shit is said because she has a solid foundation at home.   The problem is, his step brother has been pushing us to hang out more for the last 3 or 4 years. I don’t want to. And now my kids dad is telling me I’m an asshole for trying to keep her away from his family. I have no problem with his mom or older brother and have visited them with money out of my own pocket plenty. I even call and text with his mom and step dad still. I adore them. I just don’t feel comfortable around someone like his step brother. I love his step brothers son, but he’s not my child. I have offered to take the child with me when I go out with my daughter so they can hang out together, but I don’t want to be around his dad.   Her dad is saying I’m out of line for this. That I should accept that his family gets visitation too whether I agree with them or not. I think this is unfair since it’s also time out of my day that I would have to use to take her to see them(I work two jobs and would like some time to just veg at my own house too)and because I am and always have been the main caregiver. I don’t block him from taking her over there, but that’s probably only because he sees her about once, maybe twice, a year for one to two days at a time(his choice, we have no formal visitation agreement and I have always had an open door policy, he just has to give me a weeks heads up).   Tl:dr: step uncle has views I don’t agree with on a strong level and I don’t want to be the one taking my daughter around him. Aita?
e8ro2z	I am a union contractor that currently works for a large professional business and I've been here for about 5 years. Every year the business has traditionally given the contractors who work at my site (and only my site, not any others) a holiday bonus. In my first year here my bonus was small, about 200 dollars which is understandable since I was rather new. After that, it's been 400 dollars every year. The bonuses are supposed to be based on our yearly performance reviews, which we receive and can ask questions about November/December of every year.  The issue is this year, my bonus has been cut about 50 dollars down to 350. All of my other coworkers have remained at 400, and one of my other coworkers "Ray" (who is also my best friend) bonus has been raised to 600. He does a fair amount of work so, around the same as me so I wasn't surprised he got so much, but it was more the issue of mine being lower than usual. I asked our account manager about this as I was confused about why my bonus was lower this year as I have not received my yearly review yet which would point out any flaws in my work. He works out of a different office than me and is not eligible for the bonus, and he basically got pissed and told me that I was being ridiculous complaining about free money. Ray also told me I was being petty by complaining about free money.  My personal beef with this is I have a slightly different role in the business here where I do a large chunk of specialized work that only 2 other people know how to do. It is a lot more work and requires a little bit of specialized knowledge and training. Nothing crazy intricate, but so far only Ray and my supervisor can comfortably do my job. Also in terms of my quality as an employee, I feel like I do better than most of my other coworkers. I am consistently on time/early for my shifts, never call out without proper notice, stay to cover double shifts when someone calls out, and look professional. Some of the other employees have been here for much longer than me and yet are constantly late and walk into work looking like they just rolled out of bed and with a bad attitude.  Am I the asshole for raising my concerns to my boss about this? I in no way want my coworkers to get less money, I just want to be evaluated fairly and receive what I believe I deserve. The business who hires us contractors has been known to play favorites and if the favoritism is just going to get worse from here, I'd rather start looking for work elsewhere.
e8rneb	So I been living with my roommate for a couple of months, she’s been a longtime family friend.  She’s a good person, and keeps up on top of our bills. Also she cleans up after herself, so I can’t complain about living with her.  The only problem I have with her is that she can say some of the wildest shit that makes me question her mental state.  Recently, we both went to a friends get together for dinner. Our friend’s roommate has a large dog, he’s cutest thing in the world. Some of the guest start feeding him pieces of chicken and ham, he comes to me next and I can’t help but give him a piece of chicken. My roommate starts freaking out  and yelling at me to stop feeding him. She also is frantically telling the others to stop feeding him.   So at first I’m thinking maybe she concerned about his health or he’ll start begging more often, which isn’t good. Okay I understand, I get that.  But when we get to the car, I bring it up and her explanation baffled me. She thinks if you feed dogs and cats meat, their predatory side might come out and start eating people because they won’t be able to tell the difference between meat and humans. She brought up a lady feeding her pitbull meat and he ate her. She thinks you have to feed dogs kibble and other things from the pet store only. When I told her that none of that made sense and its wrong, she starts getting emotional and yelling at me that she knew what she was talking about.   Mind you, I was completely sober, only because I hate Chardonnay(they were serving it at the dinner), I rather drink piss. Also she was not drunk either, both sober.   Am I the asshole?
e8rn3x	TLDR: my boyfriend is going into boot camp in 2-3 months and I won’t see him afterwards for 6 months. We usually take little vacations (I paid for it last time) it was his turn to pay but now he is broke. He told me after I paid the first time that he would get a job.  Throw away since I don’t want him finding this.  So my babe is going to be leaving soon to military training boot camp stuff and I’m going to miss him. We previously rent Airbnb or hotels so we can go on little vacations since we rarely see each other (maybe once a month).  First he bought a hotel for one night.  Then I bought a Airbnb for two nights.  After this we planned on doing one last trip together before he left. He said that he would pay since it’s his turn, so we start looking for rooms. He also said that he’s going to get a job to pay for it.  Long and behold, we find a good Airbnb! I send him the listing which would be 200, and I offer to help if he needs it and at first he refused.  But then he lets me know that he can only cover 25% of the 200....  I’m pissed because not only was he not financially responsible.. (he does have an income) he told me LAST MINUTE!  He then says that I can pick something but it can’t be “ghetto”, and he’ll pay for food which would be “noodles and packaged chimichangas “  So I plan on either not getting a hotel at all to teach him to save his money and that this is not okay.. WIBTA for this? I also plan on having a face to face about this with him VERY soon.  I have the money for this but I don’t like rewarding irresponsible behavior.
e8rhlo	So I've always thought it was interesting how quickly kids will pick up curse words if you let one slip around them and I decided to make up a few words, say them and then act as if I say the worst thing ever. So I dropped some food and exclaimed "Fleebing blooch" and then acted shocked and told my nephew those are no no words. This is just one example but there are a few other phrases I "accidentally" let slip around him. None are real curse words of course.   Now he is going around screaming Fleebing blooch and various other phrases and my sister is very upset. She said she won't let me babysit anymore because her child is not just some experiment and she doesn't want me tampering with his speech development during pivotal years. For me it was just harmless fun. Am I the asshole?
e8rhb0	Some background: most of my family and I do a lot of of dog rescuing, and our dogs are all rescues. And my aunt is no different, she loves dogs, and on different occasions, we talked about going to the local shelter and her adopting a dog.  So my aunts husband messaged me asking what breed of dog should he get for christmas as a surprise for her. I helped him pick one, but told him to consider adopting a dog knowing that her and I talked on several occasions about adopting a dog. My aunt and I are very very close, I am not trying to push him to adopt dogs for my own benefit, I genuinely know she wants to adopt a dog. (In case its not obvious, I am against puppy mills and getting pure bred dogs for the simple fact that we live in a country filled with stray animals) WIBTA if I were to ruin the surprise?  Edit: I told him to consider adopting. And the problem with the surprise concept of this gift is that buying a dog as a surprise gift is an extremely risky move. Its not a toy, its a life commitment and shouldn’t be something u bring suddenly. It should be discussed beforehand together, and he wants to get it as a surprise.
e8r7vy	There is a community center near my house with a soccer field and a running track. I like to go there to do my speed work for running because it is flat and well lit. There is a sign near the field that indicates no dogs, but there are always dogs there when I go to run. I understand why—it’s dark before and after work right now, and it’s the most well-lit area of the park. While I don’t love navigating around dogs/bicycles on the track, I can empathize with wanting a well-lit place to let your pupper get some exercise. The problem is that many people let their dogs off leash to run around the track and field. I have been lunged at and chased more than once by off leash dogs, and it gets to the point where I can’t even run a full lap around the track because there’s a dog just parked in the middle of a lane. I have had some close calls with angry dogs when running in the past, and I have no way of knowing if a particular dog is mellow and well-trained, or is going to bark and chase me. It’s causing me a lot of anxiety when I try to run at the track. There are other areas of the park where dogs are allowed, and there are even off leash dog parks for this purpose. WIBTA for contacting the community center and letting them know about the increase in off-leash dogs I’ve been seeing on the track/field? I just want to be able to run safely and successfully in an area that was made for that purpose.
e8r3fq	I (24M) am having a hard time with this one. Its a bit complicated but- backstory. Also mobile and all so.  My family history is a bit tragic. My brother started dying when I was born (4 years older) and as a result, I've always felt like I was on my families backburner. Which tbh I understand to an extent. My brother required a lot of attention.  Along with this, my aunt had 2 kids (23f)(26f). She was marrried to an abusive pile of shit, and sided with him often. As a result, those kids were taken away and sent to live with my grandparents(85f)(grandfather passed when I was 16), who werent far from us. Sadly my grandparents werent very good at disciplining and raising kids, and they both turned out as a special kind of awful.  With my parents attention being constantly split between taking care of my brother, and my mom trying to help my grandparents, I felt burnt out just trying to be around. I'll be the first to admit that I acted out to try and get some kind of attention. And it was often uaed by my grandparents to shame my mom and question her decisions to try and help discipline my cousins. My dad always had high expectations for me, but was never around or cared to talk to me. My mom was there as much as she could, but her attention was always split a million different ways.  Fast forward, my mom has passed. My brother has passed. I'm financially secure and moved out. But My relationship with my family hasn't been great. My family has reached out to try and mend things, but after a lifetime of misery, I really just want to cut it all out. I know that our lives haven't been easy, but somehow it feels like a cop out to just give up on them and walk away.  So, AITA?
e8r17x	I paid her the deposit on Nov 8th for my December 7th wedding. We talked briefly on how we wanted a 30 minute ceremony with some bible quotes. As anyone knows, as the wedding draws nearer things get...hectic to say the least. I had not heard from her, at all and I didn’t think anything about it. Fast forward to the day of our wedding- our ceremony was scheduled to start at 4pm. 4:05 rolls around and everyone begins asking me where our officiant is. I call her, she answers, I introduce myself saying you’re supposed to be at my wedding at 4 pm- her first statement is, ‘I haven’t heard from you’.  While we had communication and then I put the deposit down.   She arrived at 4:40pm and when I got down the isle- she welcomed us and went straight to vows. We said ‘I Do’ twice with no real filler in between. She accidentally went through them twice. We end the ceremony and go into the house to sign the paperwork with my witnesses which is where she FORGOT to put her notary seal while also putting the wrong date and went out the door to her 4 other weddings.    Am I the asshole for wanted to now fight the remaining balance? I feel it would have been better if she cancelled and I had someone who took the time to marry us officially and lovingly.   We aren’t even married now, and need to go to the courthouse to get a new marriage certificate and have someone actually marry us, legally.
e8qyit	I had a 2nd interview with a large company last Friday. Unfortunately I had come down with a cold the day before. Obviously I wasn't feeling horrible enough to reschedule so I went anyway. The first thing I mentioned was that I was sick and didn't want to shake anyone's hands in fear of getting them sick. I thought this was an appropriate professional courtesy, and the interviewers didn't seem to mind. My mother and my brother also believe this was the right thing, however my father said this was inappropriate and I come across as standoffish. So, AITA?
e8qubz	I(16f) have 2 maternal uncles . The elder one has 2 sweet kids(13f and 9m) who are really fun to be around. The girl likes fashion and books and boy is a budding scientist based on how curious he is about all the science I study. Whenever I visit my village, it is a genuine pleasure to talk to them.  However, my other cousin (6f) is , to put it bluntly, a brat . She doesn't know how to take turns, interrupts everyone, and everyone always has to listen to whatever new interest she has. She will deliberately talk over the boy as she knows he is too polite and nice to make her stop. Whenever I am there and my family makes me babysit, she overtakes the entire conversation and does. Not. Stop. I feel really bad for the other 2 as they have more manners, so this vacation I told her to go and play with her dolls( she loooves them and will talk for literal hours on their lives). She threw a big tantrum . However this time I didn't pay her any attention , other than to ensure she didn't hurt herself. Then came the part I couldn't believe , she walked up to where our parents were (I followed her) and started crying on demand.   My parents said that I should have given her priority, but honestly I don't think she was crying in reality   So aita for ignoring my cousin?
e8qo7y	Okay, apologies for formatting, I’m on mobile, so we’ll make this a quick one.  My best friends boyfriend apparently saw me and My best friend holding hands today - we weren’t btw - and now he’s thinking about breaking up with her and she’s sad and idk what to do. I sorta feel like I’ve somehow come between them. AITA?
e8qlt8	So all of my friends and I met up at my place to chill, one of my friends let's call him B is hungry and wants to order pizza so we all order pizza. We do the math and everybody has to pay 40$ each, I specifically tell B I'm only paying for how much I eat. Now B wants 40$ even though I should only be paying 18, and a couple of my friends even support him. Before this whole incident I had payed for B's ubers (23$) and hadn't ask for the money back.   WIBTA if I ask for the Uber money and then pay B 17$ + the 23 from the ubers?  EDIT: I should clarify the currency isn't in dollars, I accidently put it in dollars which was very stupid of me, will remove that. Where I live the amount we payed for the pizza is a reasonable price.
e8qk9g	A few weeks ago, my Girlfriends old boyfriend who ghosted on her almost 10 years ago sent her a message out of the blue. According to her, they secretly talked for days before she had what she calls, "a lapse in judgement", and sent him lewd pictures and 'sexted' while reminiscing. She felt guilty and told me about it which resulted in a long argument.   Days later, I came to find out that she secretly planned to meet up with him while visiting her Mother in her hometown that's several hours drive away. She only told me of this after I offered to come with her because I was unsure if I was able to get time off from work. In my eyes, she has two strikes against her in the matter, but after lengthy talking, she insists that she needs to talk to him face to face (instead of over the phone) to figure out why he did what he did and "close the door" on that part of her life. However, instead of meeting him in a public place or over coffee. He wanted to pick her up and take her back to his place..to which she COMPLETELY complied with. ( later knowing that he lives with his mother and daughter who she was very close to) and also wants to see them.  Am I The Asshole for strongly objecting to any of this situation taking place? She has said that I'm being immature and would be fully supportive if I wanted to squash an old flame issue. But my main point is I might have been ok with this if it wasnt for the fact that they were talking of sexual acts with eachother.
e8qik8	I live over 100 miles away from my family due to me being at university on a full-time, intense course. The only problem is is that I have January exams to study for during the Xmas holidays. So, I decided to stay home to study for them during the holidays since the train service is threatening a strike anyway and I'm not sure whether to even buy a ticket or not, plus I don't think I have the money anyway. It takes 3 and a half hours to get to where my dad is and I have to change trains 3 times. My stepmother is trying to use this against me, saying I should put more effort into visiting family over Xmas and saying that my dad is very upset about it. I blocked her on facebook and whatsapp, but now she's using my dad's phone to call me. But, this is the same person who shouts at me every time I try and study and doesn't stop until I put my laptop down. I even had to extend coursework because of this. I feel bad enough without her going on about it since I've always been able to visit at Xmas time. I just got too much work to do here. My friend says I come back from my dad's more miserable. I just hate Xmas, none of it is the same since my mum died. It's just such an unsafe environment for me, fed up of going back there.
e8qbuw	It took me so long to even come up with that title, since even now I cant understand what the hell was that situation.  Our group is kinda big and not that close. There are two of my friends in question - Red and Black. I've known Red for longer than Black I was added to her private insta and twitter, which was important. Black joined our community much later,as a gf of the guy both me and Red respect. I got really friendly with Black, she was really insecure about how other people will view her.  Black's insta account focuses on aesthetic nudity and she posts stories with her bf very often: what are they doing, where did they went, what he bought for her and etc.Her bf joined her in her main posts - again, kinda sexual nature. Red posted on her (private) twitter that she is pissed off about that, cause she cant do that. It was a really rude post, but I didn't even engage with that in any matter. In my head, she had her right to post that.  Later she posted another thread talking about how she outright hates Black, focusing on the fact that she wants to post stories like these too, but she cant. She called Black several rude words. Also, Red posted to her private instastory a photo which is a direct mockery of Black's photo. I, again, stayed silent because I believed that its the fact that Red cant be open about her relationship (with another girl from our group) that is the problem, and Black was only a trigger.  Then Black messages me with screenshots of these threads and a question - does she really hate me that much? Again, she is REALLY anxious about the perception of her, and adding insult to the injury she was viewing Red as a person she looked up to. I didn't know who took screenshots of Red private twitter, but I admitted that I knew about this and tried to explain that Black isnt the problem. She was still upset, anxious and too intimidated to confront Red. I was feeling pretty bummed out (and I was SURE that Black herself isnt the problem) - so I went to Red and just asked her about it.  She, understandably, got really defensive, blocked the girl who leaked her threads. I asked her a question - do you really hate Black? Cause she is too intimidated to confront you, but she adores you. It will be better for both of you to sort this out, or you will just annoy each other. And I added that I personally believe that she does not really hate her.  Red got REALLY MAD at me. Saying she is disappointed in me for "judging" her for thoughts on her private twitter, called Black a slut, blocked me. Her gf later soft blocked me too. I get that its her private account, but it was leaked already, and not by me, how is that my fault? I was really upset about her gf blocking me too, so I just posted about being in shock. She replied, but since her account is private and she blocked me, I cant see it. Mutual friends told me its nasty and they dont want to show it.  AITA for trying to reach out? I dont understand.
e8q9ej	So my I recently moved schools (I’m boarding at the moment) and got assigned to a dorm with 3 other guys, who apparently have all known each other for a few years and have been roommates for a couple of years as well. Now, I try and be as pleasant as I can but I have a feeling that my roommates aren’t ones to stay out of your way.  I was sitting on the couch unpacking my stuff when one of the guys comes up to me and begins, I don’t know how to explain it except basically “air humping” me, which I found really confronting and weird.  They’re always wrestling with each other or roughhousing which I also find intimidating   The guys also wander around in the nude, a prospect that I find really awkward and, to be honest, intimidating. This is especially weird for me as I don’t know any of them. Is this normal for a boarding school?   I asked the nicest of the 3 if he could ask the other two to lay it off while I’m still getting used to things, and he said he’d try but they wouldn’t listen.
e8q878	So I'll keep this short  Today me and my mate, let's call him Jared were walking home from school. He kept pushing me and taking my hat when I just wanted to get home, which I told him. Eventually when Jared took my hat this time, he tried to run away but I grabbed his bag with the intention of getting my hat back. He kept running and the armstrap broke off. So Jared got pissed and asked me to pay for his bag, which i refused. it was purely an accident, I just wanted my hat back so I could get home.   AITA for accidentally breaking his bag and not paying?
e8q6lp	 This Saturday I am supposed to go out with my family and relatives to celebrate Christmas. The thing is, I don't want to go because I don't particularly enjoy hanging out with any of them and it cuts in between my finals which I was hoping to use the day to study some more. I was given the option not to go, but my sister has already stated that she's not going and my parents would have to go alone. Not only do I feel like it would be weird if my parents showed up without at least one kid but when everyone eats dinner, the bill gets evenly split three ways despite my family less people. By me not going, my parents would still have to pay just as much as everyone else and it makes me feel like the money is being wasted. So WIBTA if I don't go?
e8q5lt	So there is a Xmas event on in Glasgow today. A kids thing. I said I would go, but today they have issued two yellow weather warnings. One for rain and one for wind. It's crazy out there. Floodings and winds so strong you can feel it moving your car as you drive.   Trains here are notoriously bad for being cancelled due to the slightest inconvenience. So with this its almost a guarantee.   There is a chance they may cancel the event too.  I really don't want to wait in that weather on a train. Just for the train to be cancelled, to then get there eventually for the event to be cancelled. To wait on the train home fighting other commuters for a seat soaking and freezing.   My nieces are 5 and 8. I told my sister it's too much for them, but she is refusing to cancel. She is fucking Xmas crazy and I think that's why she is refusing. I dont see how the kids could possibly enjoy something after all that. She'd probably have a go at me for not writing 'Christmas'.   WIBTA if I didnt go? I feel guilty as fuck, but it's a nightmare out there.
e8pzqy	My boyfriend and I split rent and bills 50/50. I've recently switched jobs and my new job hypothetically pays about the same, if not better, and I now work from home.  My boyfriend does 9-5 but with the commute it's more like 8-6.  I get paid by the session. I am expected to fit my schedule around the client's requests because if I don't then they can just got to another employee who can accommodate, and if they go to someone else then I don't get paid. I am trying to cluster my appointments to be during the 9-5 window, but the trade off is that most of it is on weekends and I have a few random appointments that start at 7am or 7pm, either piss early or after my boyfriend gets home.  I've been in this job about a month now and of the 4 paychecks I've received, 2 have been similar amounts to what I was working for previously, one has been a little less, and one has been significantly more. If I hadn't had the week where I earned significantly more then I would have had to dip into my savings or asked him to make up the difference.  He's asked me, since I'm working from home, could we renegotiate chores. I asked him what he was thinking about changing it to, and he wants me to do pretty much everything. He's said he'll take out the trash any anything that needs fixing like changing a light-bulb he'll take care of, but since I'm home all day it's easier for me to do a load of laundry or start dinner in between sessions.  I said that I'd be willing to adjust to the chores like that, but in exchange I'd like to pay less rent. My logic is that he has always earned more than me and has a lot of savings, while I earnt half as much in my old job and didn't have the opportunity to put aside a lot of savings, so if I have another week, or series of weeks, where I earn less than I should have, that would mean taking a chunk out of my savings. If I was paying less rent then I'd know I could afford a week with fewer clients.  He said that as I'm home then I'll be running up the water/electricity/internet bills so he's having to pay more for stuff he isn't using. I responded that the difference in the bill last month was £10, which I would start paying, but if I'm doing more chores then I want my rent to go down so I can start saving up.  Fake numbers for simplicity:  Rent=800  Total for bills=200  Currently we each pay 500. After adjustments I'd pay 460 and he'd pay 540.  This means he is paying an extra £40 a month for me to do all the chores, which I think is reasonable, but he says that as I get more clients the amount I'm spending on electricity will go up and it's fair enough for me to do extra chores when I'm at home and not having to commute the way he does.  AITA?  Info: for clarification, the electricity bill is the one that went up, not internet, internet is fixed price but electricity is depending on what we use so if I'm at home with my laptop plugged in and the heating on then the bill goes up.
e8pzid	To start off, I would like to say that my husband and I are very much in love and mostly function like a normal family. Even though we've been together for so long, I still love him the same as the day of our wedding. Before we got married we realized that we both didn't like children, so it was a match made in heaven. Despite us not liking children, we're in love with dogs. Thus, we have adopted two dogs since we got married and he already had one dog; a 2 year old Chihuahua, 3 year old Maltese and an 6 year old Golden (his dog).   Last night, my husband and I and multiple friends were hanging out at a mutual friends' house, and by the end of the day we had gotten into a huge argument. Everything was fine at the beginning, we were all laughing and chatting about. Eventually, we got to the topic of relationships since our friend is single and we'd been desperately trying to match her with someone.   It was obvious that she was almost giving up about us matching her and she jokingly said, "fuck it, I'll just live with my cats. I don't need anybody else." That's when my lovely husband chimed in and said, "for real, I think I love my \*Golden\* more than I even love my wife!"   One of our friends said "ouch," and laughed with everyone else. I gave a little fake chuckle, but I felt like I got slapped in the face. It kind of hurt, ngl. It was such an unnecessary thing to say and a rude thing to say in front of people, and sometimes even in private. Once we got home, I asked him if he really meant what he said. He acted confused like he didn't know what the hell I was talking about, but he did.   I then refreshed his memory because I was so impatient. He said he's sorry for saying it in front of everyone. I asked him again if he meant it, he beat around the bush for so long, but eventually said he loved his dog more than anything.  I said, "wow." I might've also yelled at him for a while and he argued back, claiming saying it publicly was the only wrong thing he'd done. Eventually, I ignored him the rest of the night. I haven't talked to him since then and he hadn't tried to apologize because he feels like he hadn't done anything wrong.  AITA? Am I overreacting?
e8pwzw	An old friend of mine died of cancer last week. His funeral was a couple of days ago, on a day when i was supposed to go over to my boyfriend's house, I decided to go to the funeral instead.   My boyfriend was quite annoyed when i told him, because i have been really busy with work, so this was going to be the first time in a week we had seen each other. He sent me a shitty message basically acusing me of not caring about him anymore.  I blew up and told him i was so sorry my friend's death was inconveniencing him and a buch other things of that nature.  He ended up apologizing, but i dont know if I have really forgiven him. Today we called and I just find myself getting so pissed off at when he says things like I miss you, or I'm so looking forward to seeing you. I just keep remembering that message.  Edit grammar
e8pwmp	Using a throwaway due to the content. My family is insanely Christian, largely Southern Baptist. I was raised in it, but am now an atheist and largely critical of it. Most of my family thinks I am influenced by the devil. Things can get heated, but largely it's ignored in favor of peace. I'm getting married to a fellow atheist from a very Catholic family. My family is heavily anti-Catholic.   For the wedding, we agreed to have my childhood pastor officiate in a secular venue to try to appease our relatives somewhat, and he was willing to work with us on stripping more disturbing content. We also basically paid off a Catholic priest to agree to convalidate the marriage to not have further talk about it not being a "real" wedding. Which sucks, but I think it's more honest to "donate" money for a piece of paper than to stand up and lie to everyone I know.   Anyway, on the night of our engagement party, something very bad happened to a girl from my childhood church. I wasn't close to her nor was she invited to the wedding, but I knew of her. My side of the family immediately took it to heart, and immediately made it a Catholic vs. Protestant thing, insisting that one of "those Catholics" did this. They even accused my fiancé and/or one of his brothers of it.  This isn't Ireland during the Troubles, or Ireland at all. It's not logistically possible for my fiancé or anyone in his family to have done this at all. I of course defended them, and no arrests have been made because there's no evidence aside from my family and my childhood church's screaming.   Obviously, we have to get a new officiant, but I'm also considering disinviting 90% of my family from the wedding, including my parents. Some of my family has already pulled out, but some of them are almost like me (and wouldn't be disinvited). My parents would be in the disinvited group, and that's the only thing making me pause. I feel bad banning my parents from their only child's wedding, and "choosing the Catholics over them" when I don't even like them better, I just really, really love my fiancé.
e8pwg7	I mean, my birthday hasn't been a very special date for a long time, just a little cake in family, but along the year I wasn't too attached to them, it's because a lot of time they treat me like shit, everything I do is bad, everything I say is out of context, the music I listen is the worst of all, and a lot of thins like that, I really ignored that a lot of times and didn't give a fuck.  Today is my birthday and my mom already told me to get handsome because she will bring the cake for tonight, also told me "please be kind with them, through the day and tonight". My mom always tried to get me to be nice with them, and even I have tried too, they really appear to don't want.  I mean if it's my birthday I'm able to "select" with who pass it, actually I'm not with my most close friends because this semester of the university is over and all of them aren't from my city, so they already traveled to theirs, I don't have a girlfriend and not interested in someone rn, and only consider like family to my parents, my sister and my brother, but my mom insists to invite my grandma and aunts to "make me feel accompanied".  I already talked to my mom about it, and she understands me, but even because I'm his son, she's her mom, and I think it's a little bit more important, last year was the same and she invited them anyways, it's not important but they didn't bring a present, and all the night were making questions like "and where's your girlfriend?", "How's Uni going? You should end it in a few years, don't?", "Why do you like that song? It's ugly af", "Why did you dress like that?", "Are you really drinking more? It's too much in two hours"  Idk if this is important, but I'm from Colombia, our culture is a lot different (I think at least) and my english writing may not be the best. (Yes, today is my cake day irl)
e8psdt	Mobile formatting  I noticed my mom was getting a lot of messages from one of my dads work friends. She played it off like he needed her help on home improvement projects and stuff that she specializes in so I wasn’t too concerned. My dad and my mom got divorced 3 years ago and my mom ha deben with her current boyfriend for 2. I really like her current boyfriend and I don’t know what to do. I noticed an influx in the frequency of her getting messages from this guy and I snooped. I found incriminating texts to and from this guy about nights they’ve had together and future plans. This guy is a friend my dad frequently talks about and considers his friend. To make matters worse I looked at this guys Facebook and he has a young son and a wife. I don’t really know what to do but I’m beyond pissed. I know I shouldn’t have snooped but hindsight is 20/20.  WIBTA if I pretended I never found out and never brought it up again?
e8prb9	So it’s probably very petty but yesterday 3 of us were listening to some music and one of us played hip hop. So the other guy started saying stuff like “Why do you listen to this shit. This doesn’t even make sense. What do you even like about this?” in a distinctly loud voice. So I said “I like it because I like the way it sounds and that’s it” So he was like “This is shit” and stormed out of the room. So today when we met him I told him that it’s wrong to give people shit for something they like and that if you’re living with someone you are going to have to adjust to somethings at times. So he told me that I was getting salty because he said stuff about something I like and that we shouldn’t torture him with hip hop. I said no that’s not the end of it and if he didn’t like it then he should’ve said it in a more respectful manner.   Who’s the asshole here? Him for being super rude or me for playing hip hop in front of him and calling him out.  Edit: He got pissed for real and stormed out. And it wasn’t me who was playing the music it was his roommate.
e8pqd2	I dont know if i am thinking too much of this but here it is... couple weeks ago I had an interview with a company and when they asked me what i wanted as a wage and I told them $16 and the guy was like we can't do 16 at the start but we can figure something out and I was like okay, maybe I will get 13, 14 even 15 dollars an hour. Today I went to orientation and my "manager" called me in and asked me to stay after the orientation and I did for another 5 hours and then we talked about schedule and the wage. I asked how much I will be get paid and he told me minimum wage which is pretty much $11/hr and after the taxes its pretty much nothing. And also I have more than 2 years of experience in the business so its not like i am just learning what I am doing.  Edit: Thank you everyone for making me feel better about the situation. I called the HR and told them about what happened, she agreed with me and I quit. They didn't even try to give me a better deal at the end of the day so I don't feel bad at all.
e8pomm	I’m divorced. My daughter Jane is a sophomore in college and is 19. Her dad pays half of her school expenses and I pay the other half. This includes half her tuition, half her rent every month, and half textbook cost. I also pay her car insurance and her dad pays her cell phone. We made a deal with her that she’s responsible for her other costs. Food, utilities, fun money etc is on her.   Her father prefers to give her money directly for things but I do not. I pay the rent directly to the landlord, buy her books directly from the school bookstore, and pay her tuition directly to the school, etc. Jane is smart kid who I’ve tried to instill budgeting skills and the value of living within your means into her but since our divorce 10 years ago my ex has taken to spoiling her. We’ve talked about it but he says he can’t say no to her. I’ve given up trying to stop him because they’re both adults now.   The problem is that my ex directly gives her the money for her expenses and additional money because she’s decided she “shouldn’t have to work” while in school. This was not the agreement we made. I think working during school and learning time management and budgeting are useful skills. Now I can’t make her work but I do control where my money is going to. I can’t help but feel if I give her the money directly her rent won’t be getting paid (and I’m the co-signer) or her tuition won’t get paid, etc.   Also funneling these expenses through credit cards for points and claiming her expenses on my taxes makes all of this much more affordable. She’s demanding the money be given straight to her because “she’s an adult and I should trust her more. I’m being to controlling.” But it is my money and I want to make sure it’s being used for what it’s intended to be.
e8pfre	So this happened last night, I (24f) went out for a couple of drinks with his (23m) parents. After two drinks i was beginning to feel tipsy, checked the time and knew it was time to head home so I could get enough sleep in before work.   Myself and himself left the bar, he was in good spirits I was panicking about the time as it was after my normal sleeping hour and I dont like messing up my schedule. He asks if I am hungry and I agree to get some food with him.  He makes it clear he wants a burrito but there are no more burrito places open. After walking into two restaurants he said no to both times we got inside I made a decision to walk into the next food establishment I see and get something.  This is where the fu happened. I ordered a chicken burger and he refused to order anything from there.  He went across the road to check out some falafel.  I meet him with my burger and I begin to devour it, i am starved and I just want to eat and get home as quickly as possible.  He becomes extremely quiet and takes my bag off of his back and I'm sensing really bad vibes. He starts to ask why I didnt get a vegetarian burger and why I didnt think about how my choice effects another living being.  Now, myself and himself have been together for a year and in that year I have gone from eating meat 5 times a week to usually only eating it when I am given it by friends or family or the odd time when I go out for food, I try not to eat meat in front of him and choose began. My fridge is a quorn haven.  Flash forward to when we get home and he tells me that I have the morals of a vegan and my choices affect him. I ask him if he berates his best friends who are all meat eaters every time they make the wrong food choice in his eyes.  He states that the ideal woman he will spend his life with is a vegan. I state that if he wants me as a life partner he needs to look at life from my perspective and see that I have made an effort and that I dont want to be judged or feel like my relationship is conditional on what I eat.   Flash forward to this morning, he gets up and makes me breakfast (as an apologetic gesture) and as hes doing so he asked if I would like nutella on my toast, I laughed and asked if i am allowed nutella as it's a dairy product.  He said he doesn't control what I eat but his opinion hasn't changed from last night, he still is adamant I become vegan in order to be his life partner. I told him I felt pressured and as if I am being forced into becoming a vegan in order to match his ideals. He said he was not forcing me to do anything.   So AITA for eating chicken in front of a vegan?
e8pf6b	Background my friend A (45M) split with his wife B (33F) about 6 years ago. It was pretty upsetting for both sides, but no one was unfaithful and no one was really to blame. It just broke down. She moved out and left him, but tried to get back together a few times. He refused and eventually they got divorced. But he remains very bitter to this day, despite her trying to get back together a few times and wanting things to work. It was like he couldn’t get past her leaving him in first place.   I was good friends with A first before he met B, but after myself and B had babies at sane time we developed a strong friendship. He encourages this, as B had moved from another city and he wanted her to have local friends. Myself and B still keep in touch to this day, even though she moved back to her home town.  At the end of the day noone was in the wrong, there is no need to take sides. These are two adults who decoded to separate and friends are not an asset to split. I dont talk to her about him or him about her. We have other friends that have split up and its not been problem like this.   The problem is A doesn’t see it like that,  he thinks my being friends with B is disloyal and it makes him very angry.  Over last few years he has shouted at me, unfriended me on FB,  sent nasty texts (twice while I was on two separate holidays with my husband and family), Jibes at me in-front of other friends or in what’s app groups, stormed out of a house party in tears etc. Citing that I am still friends with his ex.  He has blocked me on FB repeatedly (as he apologises and friend requests me and I end up accepting it). Only for him to do it again.    We didn’t speak for about 18 months, but recently made up (last year) after a difficult period and although i never fully trusted he wouldn’t do it again, i wanted to be there for him during difficult time. So I said to my husband I will give him one last chance.   THEN, a couple of weeks ago i went to theatre with B and he blocks me again. Apparently he rung B and she / her kids told him we had been out. He wasn’t happy!  He hasn’t discussed it with me, or anything. It just made me think, is it me? Have I got this wrong??   Should i ring ir text him? Or just let it go. At the end of the day His friendship causes me nothing but stress and I have a wonderful husband and 2 great kids to focus on. Or is that selfish and defeating point of friendship..??  Help.. x
e8pdyo	Good morning y’all,  I’ve got a really serious story and I’d like if it everyone were to remain respectful and refrain from abusive and derogatory language and be civil. . I know I’m not an angel and I’d like to know where everything went wrong, what I did wrong and how I cane improve and maybe fix the situation. Thank you for taking the time to read and comment on my post, really appreciate that. Apologies for formatting and other issues as I’m new to this sub.    I dated a girl named Sarah for 3 years. I’m 25 now and I was thinking about marrying her. I even bought an engagement ring. She was my everything, we been through everything together and I thought she was the woman of my dreams, God’s match for me. That all changed when I walked in on my grandfather on top of her. I felt so betrayed and disgusted. I threw up immediately and I cursed them both out and forced them out of my house. They both ran out mostly naked. I locked the door and threatened to call the police as it was my property. They both called me 26 times in total and sent 59 texts  or so. I ignored them all. Next day I called her and let her explain after I cooled down. She tried to claim that it was a one time thing and they were both drunk but I don’t believe her. They hung out way too often at my house alone. I feel like an idiot for not connecting the dots earlier. My grandfather btw is only 57 and is in decent shape, looks like he’s in his 30s so he’s not some old geezer.   I cut both of them out of my life entirely. My ex made a Facebook post about how I “betrayed her” over a silly mistake and that I should be forgiving and our love is unending and that I left her outside naked (she had her bra on so not entirely) and had a car.  I responded back saying our love would be unending if she wasn’t a cheating scumbag slutty whore who fucked my grandfather and how today I lost 2 of the most important people in my life. The whole family and really our entire community (we live in a town of 3000 people) found out about it. Most of them have shunned my grandfather and my ex while some have shunned me. They say I shouldn’t have outed then and should’ve ignored her post while others congratulated me for defending myself against defamatory and slanderous remarks and not tolerating degeneracy. My grandmother is heartbroken by all of this and so is the rest of the family, none of whom sided with my grandfather so he has nobody. My ex’s friends though have harasssed me non stop to the point I had to get my phone number changed and set my social media accounts to private.
e8p795	So basically my (28F) husband (30M) is the eldest in the family. Anyways from where I am, a country in the Pacific Islands, its common for families to all stay together and by all I mean literally cousins,aunts,uncles,grandparents and u name it like leaving together no matter the size of the house. I am not judgemental,its their tradition and way of life. My husband and I have had a interracial marriage and in our lifestyle we mainly stay with nuclear families or sometimes d parents only. Anyways coming to the point, my BIL's (21)(hubby's younger bro)gf (18) gave birth 2 months ago. At that point neither were working and we only found out about the pregnancy when she was 8 months pregnant when I accidentally came across a pic in fb. Moving forward now the gf and the baby has been kicked out of her house by her step aunt reasons unknown to us. She is staying with another aunt temporarily until a solution comes up. My MIL calls my husband up and asks us if we could take them in...whereas I have just starter to work after more than a month and we ourselves have a 8 month old and to top it all up,we are staying in one of my parent's vacant house that we just pay utilities for and no rent. My husband called me up and we discussed and we decided against it. He called his mother and explained to her why we cannot. This was 2 days ago.  And now the mother just called and went off on my husband blaming him for not helping his younger brother in hard times, mind you they have the option of going to the gf's mother's house but they dont want to. The reason I am so against this is because the only time they remember my husband is when they need his help for something otherwise no one bothers with us. So reddit AITA for putting my foot down and saying No!
e8p5t9	I live in a college dorm, and it’s about 2:30 in the morning. My roommates and I have been studying pretty much all day and I decided to take a break and play some video games. Just to note, both my roommates are still awake and the light is still on. I’m not really talking and if I have to say something it’s short and quiet. The amount of noise I’m making is just mouse and keyboard clicks.  I was playing online with a group of friends, when she gets up, turns off the light and goes to bed. I’m like, ok cool she’s trying to sleep I’ll get off once I’m done with this game.  She gets my attention and asks me when I’ll be going to sleep, because my keyboard clicks were “driving her insane.” I told her I’d be getting off once my game was over.  She seemed pretty annoyed that I kept playing though, even though I tried my best to be quiet. Personally, I wish she would have told me ahead of time that she was going to bed soon and I would have gotten off earlier. I don’t like how she expects me to adhere to her every rule and nitpick and little condition, when she is kind of irritating sometimes too. I was trying to take a nap after my lecture today, and I was sure to let her know I was taking a nap but she kept playing her music out loud and FaceTiming her family. She often wakes me up with her music and FaceTime. I usually don’t complain though, because she is waking me up when it’s not quiet hours anyways. (Like 11am-12pm)   But am I the asshole here? Next time, should I just turn the game off and get a penalty? Sometimes I feel like my roommate is controlling, but other times I just feel oblivious as to whether or not I’m bothering her.
e8p3om	We are 3 people ( me included ), at first me and my friend lets call him jack were going to be a team and thats it ( its a requirement to be only 2 and in some occasions the professor may allow for 3 ).   But the friend who lets call dave has been following us during the team creation period ( first two week of the semester ) and indirectly saying he wants to join us.  while i didnt know dave as much .. except that dave had a higher gpa ( only 0.3 higher while jack and i have the same gpa ) and seemed like a chill guy so we let him join us .. now we are team of 3 guys.   At the beginning everything is fine, then dave started to micromanage us down to the letter, it was my responsibility to write a report, and dave didnt let me write a letter without him jumping and telling me to fix it, sometimes i reach the point of almost begging to write my words .. so i thought “its okay, i should give in sometimes .. we are a team after all”.   Then, we presented the report to our professor and the mistakes that the professor highlighted in the report were very minor and easy to fix ( capital letters, text justifying, picture quality ).  now me and jack were very happy, considering our mistakes were very minor .. but dave throw a fit telling us that my work and jacks was very bad and he should be the one writing the report since these minor mistakes ( which he considers catastrophic ) are on me and jacks alone ( even though he micromanaged is ) in front of people loudly.  Me and jack told him to calm down and take the day to rest since he is very agitated.  During the next couple of months, dave kept micromanaging us, being passive aggressive about anything i suggest and Generally looking down upon our work.   couple of days ago, dave sends a message to the group chat saying “ i cant let ( me ) write the report, i become very nervous when he does “.  Since that message, i stopped contacting dave, and discovered that jack has the same feelings i do.  And we decided to meet dave to confront him.  The meeting has yet to take place.  dave noticed that i didnt talk to him, or even read his messages, So he sends me messages in private saying:   “ have mercy, im having a hard time with exams and miss my family  “  His family lives 1000km away.  So AITA ?
e8otv7	I (19f) received funding (not a loan, closer to a scholarship) from the native american band my family is from for my tuition (which went directly to the school) and a bit extra that was sent to me to help me with things like commuting and food or saving when I was in my first year of university. I agreed with my parents that I would set aside $1000 every month for the eight months I was in school for them to put in a savings account to have something to support me when I decide to move out.  Long story short, my first year went horribly. My mental health crashed and I went into deep bouts of depression and anxiety while still trying to go to school and complete as much as I could. While I was seeking help through therapy once it got bad and opened up about it, even starting on medications, my grades were beyond repair and I didn't get a single credit for any of my eight courses. Because of this, I lost my funding and decided to take a break from school to focus on getting to a better place mentally and figure out what I want in life.  I now am in a better place and happy with my current situation working and thinking about my future, but when I brought up moving up and having that money set aside to support me to my parents, they insisted that I couldn't have it. Because I had done so badly they considered that the situation was that I had done nothing all year and wasted that funding, and said I was lucky that they didn't report me for fraud. They have told me they plan on sending the (approximately) $8000 back to the source of the funding.  AITA for wanting the money and being angry with my parents?  Edit: Clarified what the funding was and where it came from and a few other things
e8otom	I will preface this by saying that I do not know all the context regarding some aspects of the situation with Mum and Dad's relationship, so, I am seeking opinions on my confronting Dad for a specific act of his, not the entirety of Mum and Dad's situation. I won't provide much context surrounding What Mum has done to Dad and vice-versa, the only information I believe to be of any relevance is that they have both made mistakes - I'm not looking for judgement on Mum and Dad in general, so please don't comment something along the lines of, e.g. - ESH - both your parents are assholes and please comment something relating to the specific situation, thankyou.  I got into an argument with Dad the other day about Mum which I now regret and have since apologised for; I don't regret the content of what I was saying, however, in hindsight, I can see I was never going to achieve anything by getting my point across in the form of a heated argument - I now recognise I should have approached the situation much more tenderly.  Dad compared Mum to her brother who will be referred to as 'Mike', Dad has called her the "She-Mike".  Mike is a vile human being and has done multiple unforgiveable things to Mum that I will not mention. Mike has been the cause of significant emotional trauma for Mum.  Dad compared Mum to Mike because of several outbursts that Mum’s had.  These outbursts include Mum yelling at him and come across as very illogical most of the time. Dad describes the way she acts as aggressive and I think this description is accurate to a certain extent; she will make aggressive movements such as stomping around and leaning inwards while waving her finger at him. Recently, these outbursts have become a lot less common and she has apologised for some of them. When defending himself to me Dad claims that he said that to Mum in order to help her to improve as a person. He thinks that comparing her to Mike is an effective way to get her to improve as Dad knows Mum doesn’t want to be anything like Mike.  After what Dad said, Mum came into my room in a mess, crying and had more sleepless nights because of this; it devastated her being compared to her brother.  I told Dad that I think the direct comparison Dad makes between Mum and Mike is extremely inaccurate and the more relevant aspect of what I expressed was that the way he approached improving or helping Mum to become a better person was cruel and extremely counterproductive; attempting to improve someone else by devastating and crushing them is an unacceptable thing to do to anyone, let alone your wife.  What I specifically want judgement on is am I right with my opinion on what Dad said? As aforementioned, I'm aware that I definitely should've approached the situation better, despite this, is what Dad said counterproductive, cruel and unacceptable?  Thank you for taking the time to read this.
e8opfh	I have an elder brother who is 22  years old he has many friends who come over regularly. For the past few months he has had a friend who  makes me uncomfortable. Always askd about me ,where I am and what are you doing and I find it weird for a 22 year old man to be so concerned about a 16 year old girl .last week he turned up at my tuition right as I was coming out. One of my friends who was outside told me   this guy had been standing outside for 5 minutes doing nothing when I asked him, he said he was waiting for a friend. I doubt it.  I basically told my brother stop talking about me to him. My brother thinks that I  am being ridiculous And that his friend is perfectly normal.  So WIBTA if I I ask my brother to stop inviting the guy over and to stop associating with him?
e8ooiv	Hey reddit, so this happened today. I was at my friends house and we all ordered pizza. We had been in the pool and I was super hungry so I asked to order two. I only ended up eating one whole pizza and  gave my friend one slice from the other, as she had never tried it.   I told her I would just leave it on the counter while we went back in the pool and then I would take it home with me. We didn’t intend to order food or buy anything so I didn’t bring any cash to hers and as I’m seeing her tomorrow, I told her I would just pay her back for both then.   However, while we were in the pool, her brother came home and ate my whole pizza. She paid using her card and I told her that it wouldn’t be fair for me to pay her back for that pizza because I never had any of it, and she should be making her brother pay her back for it as he ate it. She’s not very happy with this as she says he most likely won’t pay her back. I’m still going to pay her back for the pizza I ate, but I don’t think i should be paying for the one I didn’t.   Reddit, WIBTA if I didn’t pay her back?  EDIT: so I was just messaging her and as it turns out, she told him he could eat the pizza while I was back in the pool, but that I would still pay for it
e8ofxo	We are together for almost 2 years and we are contemplating living together. He is a hoarder but has improved since we met. I believe he can really change as when I met him his house was not walkable and now it is only cluttered. He still has all his childhood toys, empty chocolate boxes, pieces of his hair, empty boxes, expired food, etc., hundreds of comics and cds, dvds.  My stuff, including furniture fits in a 9m3 room (I know because I recently moved and had to put it in a van).  I currently live in a 65m2 apartment and I think it would be enough for two adults. However, he wants to move to a bigger apartment so he can have a room full of his clutter. I think it is unfair to me to have to pay 200 euros more for him to have a room for his own. I would rather save this money to buy a house in the future or use for vacation.  We both have the same salary and it is relatively good, so no one is desperately needing money.  WIBTA if I ask him to pay more rent because he will have a room for himself whereas I won’t?
e8oar8	Hi! My boyfriend (25) and I (23) live together and have for a little less than a year. We are both working full time jobs and trying to save the majority of our paychecks so we can visit my sister who lives in England and also travel Europe while we're there. Both of our families know that we aren't really spending any money besides essentials and an occasional gift or something like that. My sister (28) and her husband (32) came over to our place last night without us knowing and dropped off their cat for us to keep. I know we should have not given them the code to our lock on our door but they're family and will occasionally sleep over for a night when in town so I never really thought about it. But now... we have a cat. My sister won't respond to texts and neither will her husband. My boyfriend is allergic to cats and I simply don't like them very much. We have no pets since we both work so much and really are trying to go by spring to Europe. I called my mom and she said my sister told her that they gave us the cat because they decided to live out of their car for a while and travel the US.... and that they want the cat back once they're home.. am I the asshole for giving away their cat?? I truly don't know what to do/do not have the time/money/space to keep a cat plus my boyfriend is allergic.. (also I should mention that we would find the cat a home and not take her to a shelter. We have a few people we know who would be amazing to her so we'd reach out to them and make sure she is cared for.)
e8o7l0	Pretty short story here but I work at a restaurant that sells Bubble Tea and Vietnamese food. Two customers came into my restaurant today and ordered drinks, then sat down at a table with an entire smorgasbord of food from another restaurant and started to eat it. I thought it was rude so I politely asked them to leave and they followed my order after a bit of polite, but slightly bitter back-and-forth.  Just wanting to know if I'm the asshole in this situation or if I did the right thing.
e8o5xg	Hi! First time redditor here. I’ll jump straight into it.
e8o5hi	A couple of weeks ago, we went to a free art festival in another city with a bunch of friends. We booked a big AirBnN for several days, each of us paying for his part in advance.  One of our friends (Ben) let us down at the last minute, because he needed to study before his exams. He payed for his part in advance too.  Another friend (Mark) suggested that we reimburse Ben for his part, as it would be a small amount of money for each of us (something between $5 and $10). Ben is in a quite unstable financial situation.   I'm the only one who refused to reimburse him for his part, because he often cancels plans at the last minute. If it was someone else, I would have accepted, but I decided a long time ago that I won't adapt myself to Ben's last-minute cancellations.   I don't have anything against Ben as I generally know what to expect from him, and we get along well. Ben didn't ask me for money and he didn't reproach me anything.  However, Mark told me that he was a bit disappointed in me, and that even if nothing forced me to reimburse Ben, I could have been a bit more flexible when it's a ridiculously small amount of money.   Mark doesn't know Ben as well as I do, and I didn't tell Mark that Ben is used to cancel plans at the last minute.  It wasn't a big argument, and everybody moved on.   Still, it makes me wonder about my attitude: Am I the asshole when it wouldn't cost me a lot to reimburse Ben?
e8o4gi	First of all, sorry for my english, thats not my native language. Also warning that this is going to be a long post, but appricate if you read through.  My parents divorced when I was 7y old (now 26) I got some money and my mother took a loan for me to buy an apartment. My mother met a guy when I was approx \~12y old and since then she doesnt work. She always have the latest iphone, tablets, newest AMG Mercedes car, got a house which she upgraded to luxury. My little sister's kindergarten one year payment was more than my whole university study although my uni was expensive and yet my mother always complain about having zero money, having time, me and my brother never helping to her.  So here is the story:  I have a normal life, not that luxury like my mom has. My wife could live with me at my mother's house for 1,5 year and it was terrible. My wife worked that time and whenever she got home my mother always spoke with her for hours, then we babysitting my sister for hours and we bearly had time for each other. We bought evering for ourselfs to cook because my mother is terrible in the kitchen but we always said that we dont want to be burden and buy everything for us so she doesnt have to buy for us anything. This resulted in a problem that we dont like her food which is true but never told this to her.   I never had a good relationship with my mother. She is that kind of mother who buys everything and I do appreciate it forever but whenever I tried to speak with her that money doesnt buy love she never understod me and always said "I bought everything for you" it is true but she never did anything else, I never felt we are doing something together or mainly i am important.  We had our wedding this september and I got some nice messages from my mother like "i am her biggest failure in her life" "thanks a lot she will be different with her sister" etc.  So we had our weding this september and while my mother lives a luxury life but being poor (contradiction in my eyes) my wife's family is a normal average family. We got zero personal or financial help from my mother and my wife's family took a loan for us to help paying the wedding.  Apart from my mother, her sister and my mother's lover who has all the money everyone (96 people) loved our wedding. My mother got late from my wedding and although I said to her a month ago that we will start it whether they are there in time or not because there are 96 other pp who will not wait for them ages and we had a strict time table we will start. Ofc this was another problem but this was the only day in my family which was about me. Not about her being in the center aim.  All in all my mother said a lot of things which was rude to me and to my wife and to my wife's family I listen to these for years and now I reached a point where I dont want to speak with her anymore am I bad guy?  The latest news is that the loan she took to buy the apartment for me we have to pay back with interest, because how rude i am.
e8o2ul	So a bit of background: My bf (23m) and I (24f) have been dating for 6 months, we've known eachother for much longer. I honestly feel like he's my soulmate, I love him so much.  The problem is he doesn't have money. He used to, but then quit his job to start studying. He lives with his parents so he doesn't need to pay for food or rent.  He keeps getting promises of job opportunities from his dad, which then fall through. His dad isn't a very reliable person and often the things he says are going to happen very rarely happen. His dad also owes him a lot of money which he promised to pay back in 2 weeks time.   He has tried starting his own gin business to make more money, selling at markets and stuff and I agreed to help him with it. So far its been me doing most of the motivation, emailing potential clients etc. He has helped a little bit but it does feel like I've been the soul driver. I have a stable job so I don't need to do this, I'm doing it so he can make money.  He did start tutoring on my suggestion a few months ago and made some cash from that. He has already spent all that money and it's school holidays now so there's no income from that.  He promised me we'd go away at the end of January, he says he'll have money by then. I really don't think that's realistic.  Here's the asshole part:   Yesterday morning he told me he's not sure his dad is going to pay him back the money he owes and he's feeling stressed and anxious about the whole situation. This in turn has made me feel stressed and anxious because we can't do anything if he doesn't have money. We don't go on dates, we can't go out with friends unless I pay for it, it's a fuck up.   Yesterday evening I got emotional about the whole thing because it's affecting me too. I want to do fun things with my boyfriend but he spends all his money as soon as he gets it and he doesn't have a stable source of income. I get stressed when he tells me he's going to work for his dad because I know it's likely not going to happen.   I told him he needs to speak to his dad about the money and he needs to make a plan. Because I'm tired of how it's affecting me and how we can't do anything.   My bf told me that I'm being selfish for not thinking about how much this situation is affecting him, and how I don't have to worry about it as much as he does and how I'm just putting more pressure on him and making him feel worse.   He says he rarely comes to me when he's upset and when he does that I make it about me instead of supporting him through this tough time.   I understand I can be more supportive. But I'm tired of waiting for him to sort out his money problems and to stop relying on the false promises of his father.   So AITA?   TL;DR: Boyfriend is struggling financially, I get emotional about it and he says I'm TA for putting more pressure on him during this difficult time
e8nve9	So.. I’m trying to keep this as short as possible. My best friend and I go back many years, he moved away to study so we game a lot together. It has become our thing, it’s how we keep in touch and hang out. I met my girlfriend little over a year ago, we moved in together and as you might guess I don’t have the same amount of time to game with my bro. First half year we lived together I often turned down my friends invention to game, as I was hanging out with my girlfriend. He understood in the beginning but started to get very annoyed with me over time. Sometimes he got very pissed with me, which broke me at times as I struggle to maintain everyone. My girlfriend gets upset when I rarely did take my time to game. As you see, no matter what I do someone gets upset with me and it’s really hard for me to handle. During this first half my girl and I worked both 7-16 basically, now this is important for next part of the story.  We moved to an new apartment two months ago, in the same time my girl had to start working late day shifts. Often 16-22. This means we don’t see each other as much as before. And my best friend finished his school and got a job which means he travels at least 1-2 days a week work related. Now this was perfect for me since I had more time with everyone and no one got upset. But as of last night I thought my girl was gonna work I promised my friend we will play some. Got home and found out she’s not working and I panic because someone is going to be upset with me.   I feel like after all this I’m on a thin line with my best friend, we have fallen apart. I’m really sad about it. So I thought if I only play 1 hour with him, it’s not much but it will make him happy and it’s just one hour, then I have like 4 left with my girlfriend. But no she got super upset, I played for 45 minutes, then she wouldn’t talk to me all night and slept on the couch. I’m up early today and she’s sleeping.  Am I the asshole here? Or is my girlfriend being childish?  EDIT: Can also mention this is only the second time I’ve played video games when my girlfriend is home. Second. And I want to clarify that she also work a lot like 13-20 so we do have a lot of time together still. Plus we work on the same place which means we see each other all the time
e8nt9b	Bit of background: I [21F] am a hobbyist weightlifter, and have been lifting since I was 17, though you might not be able to tell at first glance because I don't lift extremely heavy and I have a pretty average kinda-athletic build.  Today I was squatting low-bar in my university's gym, my last lift of the day. As I was finishing my final set, I see in the mirror in my peripheral view a dude staring at my squat. Like, this guy was right behind me. Alright, whatever, you kinda get used to it, I ain't judging. Finished my set, immediately noticed aforementioned dude walking forwards. I avoided eye contact, fiddled with my earbuds, raised the volume. Didn't work, and I realized social interaction was inevitable.   Now, I pretty much knew what was coming. Guys will approach with advice, but usually pretty nicely and will sometimes ask if they can give tips first so I don't really mind. I have trouble squatting upright because the bottom of my rib cage is about two inches at most from the top of my pelvis; I'm mostly leg. I've worked with a coach on it. I squat wide and still have some forward lean, but after four years the only time I've ever gotten hurt was trying to listen to a random's advice on keeping upright against my body's will which ended with me overarching my lower back and the subsequent pain (after which the coaching came in). I know for a fact it was nothing major like my knees bending inwards or whatever else one could glean from a perspective directly behind. Probably butt wink below parallel plus the lean if I had to guess.   So guy approaches me with a tight smile and says, verbatim, "Hey, I don't mean to offend you or anything, but you're doing it wrong." Ngl, reader, I didn't expect that opener. So I just responded in a friendly tone, "Okay," and started putting away my weight.  Pause. Dude repeats himself. "Yeah, you were doing the movement wrong." Again, I say "Okay," focused on my task. This man lingers in my periphery. I finish what I'm doing and ask "You want the rack?" despite knowing exactly why he's still there. "No, I was saying you were doing the movement wrong so if you want I could show you."  Now, I wasn't gonna waste anyone's time, so I replied with a neutral, "Nah, I'm good, thanks though," followed by a signature white person lip purse of acknowledgement. And he was like "oh ok" and I went on my merry way to the locker room.  I relayed this interaction to my boyfriend and he said the man was just trying to flirt with me, to which I replied that if that was an attempt at flirting, dude needed to work on his approach. My boyfriend replied "Your approach wasn't much better," and said that I didn't have to be that short and could've just said I was fatigued and knew or listened to him for a minute or something. Now I'm unsure. AITA?
e8nqi8	Tonight my friend and I went to a bar in our neighborhood. Just your average run of the mill bar. Anyways, we each had two mixed drinks and were there about an hour. We sat at a table in the corner, kept quiet, and were good patrons amo. When we're ready to leave we ask for ths tab and it comes out to 23 dollars. My buddy paid it on his card,and I handed the bartender a three dollar tip (I dont frequent bars often so I just went off of the 15 to 20 percent rule that is common at restaurants). As soon as I handed her the tip, she started flipping the fuck out on me. Her words, "If you can't afford to give me a decent fucking tip why the fuck do you even go out?! I don't ever want to see your face here again." I didn't expect this at all and was absolutely mortified, just walked out without saying a word. I felt so fucking embarrassed with everyone staring at me. I want to call the bar manager tomorrow, but wanted to check with reddit first. Was I the asshole for only tipping her three dollars?
e8nny4	Sorry if i make any spelling mistakes, english is not my first language. Just so I don't forget to say this I live with my dad  So I(17m) go to my mom's house with my grandma since I knew my mom got into a fight with my uncle so I just wanted to ask what has happened and so on,before I got there I bought some cookies and a soda and my grandma made some cake   We got to my mom's house, after a small talk with my mom who told me how sad she is because work is so hard me and my grandma thought it would make her happy to see the cake and cookies(she loves sweats),witch it did but when i got the soda out she just started to make very angry comments about how unhealthy and unreliable i am. After hearing this my grandma asked why is that but as my mom is a little beat hardheaded she did not want to give an explanation she only sayed that i "extremely close to being a disappointment" after hearing this i was pretty sad since i have a hard time myself but i let it go since she is my mom.My grandmother tho,did not let it go and started to point out that she herself is not a good kid and that she herself was a way worse kid who did plenty bad deeds and my grandma never sayed a thing to her as a child,after this comment the conversation became very aggressive and after a lot of shouting i was done and shouted at my mom to shut up and that we will talk another day about this when she calmed down.  I talked with some friends and some family members about this and a lot pointed at me and sayed I am the one in the bad here and that I should never be so disrespectful towards my mom.So i just wanted more opinions about this one.
e8nino	AITA here? So it’s finals week and I’m obviously grinding. I have the afternoon to work on my O-Chem mechanism homework and in the evening I have a biology study group. The next day is totally reserved for biology studying. My girlfriend asked if it’s okay if her genetics study group comes over and study at around noon. I ask what they will be doing and she says they will be quietly studying genetics. They arrive at around noon and I go into the office to start working on my finals prep. The group is extremely loud and obnoxious in the living room while making a genetics rap song. The first time I’m bothered, they want me to listen to the song and so I oblige. It takes me about 30 minutes to get back in the study grove after that. The second time I’m bothered by my girlfriend who wants me to listen to the second part of the rap that they have made. At this point, my girlfriend can clearly see that I’m growing frustrated and she apologizes for bothering me. I say I don’t really want to listen to the genetics rap song but I will oblige so as not to seem like an ass hole and embarrass her. I make it clear that they are bothering me and I would like peace and quiet. It takes me about an hour to get back in the study grove after that and I’m feeling like I haven’t made much progress. I’m really struggling to refocus because I have ADHD and my meds wear off in the afternoon. I basically accomplish nothing over a 6 hour period before my girlfriend tells me that she and her group is leaving to study somewhere else because she can tell I’m upset. At this point I am furious because not only have I been completely distracted all day by the droning music and laughter in the next room, but also because my girlfriend is totally blowing me off. We were supposed to study the chemistry together. At this point I blow off by biology group because chemistry takes priority. I thought that since my girlfriend knew her friends being loud in the other room had cost me a lot of study time that she would definitely help me in the evening. Nope, she leaves with the group and I try to figure out what’s going on in O-Chem by myself. Keep in mind that this project she’s working on is just for fun and is not graded or required in any way. Here is how I see it. I was told the group would be quietly studying, it was more like a party. I was promised help in the evening, I was then blown off. When my girlfriend finally gets home and I try to talk about all of this, she tells me I should have said something if they were bothering me. What?!?! Like seriously?! I have a diagnosed learning disability and your being a party into the house mid day of finals week. I should t have to say a god dam thing. What do you guys think?
e8nihc	This year, me and several of our friends decided to do a secret Santa exchange. There are quite a few of us and we didn’t really want to get presents for everyone but we wanted everyone to get something so we thought this would be a good idea.   So there’s this girl. She’s incredibly needy and weird. Granted, she has some health problems, and I don’t want to diminish that in the slightest. But she rarely hangs out with us, and even when she does, she says and does very little. She really only calls us when she wants something. Usually it’s just attention. And usually we’re more than happy to give it to her. She’s a bit of a hypochondriac but we try to be nice.   So she was in the room about two months ago when we floated the possibility of doing secret Santa. She seemed mildly interested in the idea, but as usual, she barely said a word. She has not hung out with us since. We told her when we were drawing names and she didn’t show up. But she knew that the party was tomorrow and so she chooses today to text us all and complain that she wasn’t included.   We calmly explained to her that we were very sorry that she wasn’t included, but that we had said in the group chat when the drawing would be and, not only did she not show up, but she didn’t tell anyone that she wanted to be included. If she had, we would have gladly put her name in and given her person to buy for later on.  We apologized profusely for leaving her out, but basically said, since it was the day before and we had all already bought our gifts, there wasn’t anything we could do.   That wasn’t good enough. She wanted us to scrap the entire thing and draw again and exchange after the new year. We told her this wasn’t possible because we had all already bought gifts and the whole point of this was so that we would all only have to buy one. We also pointed out that doing it after the new year wouldn’t work because there was someone in the exchange who had bothered to get her name in and would be leaving to go back to college immediately after New Years.   She still wasn’t satisfied and it seemed there was very little we could do, so after apologizing again, we basically told her to deal. We are thinking of all chipping in and getting her a gift later on, but also, we’re all so mad at her we may not.   AWTAs for not double checking that she wanted to be included or for not meeting her demands?
e8ng87	Sorry for crappy title and bad formating im using my phone and english isnt my first language.  My grandma have breast cancer stage 3, she had surgery last this year and she's one less boob. After the surgery the doctor said the cancer is still in her other boob so she does maintenance medicine and does check up every week. I dont have much info how she is because she doesnt like talking about it. Today they went to the doctor and the doctor found a blood clot in her lungs so she have to get surgery today or this week. Theyre also 4 hours away from us because theres no doctor in my town that does breast cancer or something.  My aunt, me and my twin has been the breadwinner for my family before my uncle got stroke. Its hard bc i have 2 more sisters that is studying and the other one is in college and im full time financially supporting her (allowance and boarding house) its really tough bc my grandma also need financial help so im basically giving all my money to the house, my sister and my grandma.   This year ive been saving money to go in a trip with my friends. The house were staying is free and the food will be covered by my friend. So the only expenses ill have to pay is my transportation and if i wanted to buy souvenir. Ill be staying with them from dec 12-dec 28. Its the first year ill celebrate christmas without my family and tbh im actually excited about it. Ive beem with them all my life and kinda sick to have to always pay for everything and then get nag when its not enough for them. But bc of this unexpected surgery im feeling shit about the trip and my sisters talking shit about me that im neglecting my grandma.  My stand with this is even if i dont go on the trip theres still nothing i can do to help my grandma, i gave them allowance for this whole dec and im basically left with 5k pesos (100$) to spend for the whole dec so even if i stay i wouldnt be able to help.   I already packed for everything and bought my transpo ticket 2 weeks ago.   I guess im posting here is if im asshole then what should i do?  Also  I think its not fair that because my grandma have breast cancer i cant do things that make me happy even tho im completly supporting them financially and physically.
e8ndqn	So I come from India and live in a Hindu Undivided Family, here we have different circumstances regarding ownership of property. Basically it is a pool of property with coparcenary rights for members and karta controls all. My mother is de facto karta of the HUF.  She wishes me to be part of business as a director of a firm which requires my electronic signature. She will have control over my signature and will act in my power as director in reality. Since I'm a law student and don't wanna take part in the family business post graduation either, I ask her to sign a power of attorney over my electronic/digital signature so that it is shown that I'm not directly engaged in the business. My mother is calling me disrespectful and ungrateful as no one else demands such things from their parents (which is true in case of India and HUFs). My brother who studies engineering in USA is also a director and didn't make my mother sign any power of attorney for this.   Am I the Asshole?  Edit- I know the legal aspects and liabilities behind this move, i won't expose my mother towards any extra liability. Only would be recusing myself from any liability. I know how business works and there are aspects of tax evasion present. I don't want to put myself in any position of liability when I don't personally take part in it.
e8ndox	I’m honestly puzzled by this so I appreciate any insight.  I work out every morning and always get visibly sweaty (like soak through the collar of my shirt sweaty). I don’t like to shower at the gym so I normally just towel dry at the gym then take a full shower at home.   Recently, I have been going grocery shopping after hitting the gym. I don’t like to shop before the gym because if I get frozen or perishable products I’m worried about them melting and what not. And while, yes, I could absolutely go to the store after I go home and shower, I live in a kind of rural area and it would tack on an extra 45 minutes to my routine.  Somehow my routine came up in conversation with my SO and he seemed shocked. He said it’s pretty gross to go to the store while visibly sweaty and that it’s just not socially acceptable. I don’t really see the problem to be honest.   Side note, I’m a petite young woman and truly just not a smelly person. I know it’s impossible to be objective about these things but even my SO agrees with me. He says it’s not a smell problem it’s an appearance problem.   I fully admit that I may be unwittingly being an asshole and disturbing innocent shoppers, but it just never occurred to me. So, Reddit, AITA?
e8n0ot	So my GF needs this dress by Friday but she has had a slight sore throat yesterday and today. She had the day off work today and wants to take the day off tomorrow too.  A dress she really needs for Friday is being delivered to her work tomorrow and she needs it tomorrow as it would be too late the next day.  Tomorrow is my only day off during the week (bar weekends), and she wants to drive me all the way to her work to then walk in and get said package instead of her so her work doesn't realise she's not actually very sick.  I feel like it's bit unfair she's angry at me for not wanting to travel almost 2 hours with her just to walk in to her work so she doesn't get in trouble, I think if she needs the dress tomorrow then she should work tomorrow?  Doing this will take basically all of my free time out if my day hence my relectunce.  Am I the asshole?
e8mykn	My 12 year old daughter (in 7th grade) told me that she and two of her friends were working on a group project together in class when the teacher “jokingly” called the three of them Dumb, Dummy, and Dumber in front of the other kids. My daughter wasn’t too upset by it and she was telling me about it in a sort of off hand way. When she could see that I was upset and saying that he should not have spoken to them that way, she said I was overreacting and that he was just joking.  I’m considering emailing the teacher to get his side of the story, and possibly letting the parents of the other girls know what (my daughter said) he said.  I don’t want to teach my daughter that it is ok for people to talk to her like that but I also don’t want it to turn into a big deal and cause a problem for her.
e8my5n	So while watching football Sunday night, my friend asks me "can I post on the fantasy football chat that you're a piece of shit?"  I think I reacted appropriately with "what did I do, why would you call me a piece of shit to the other 12 people in the pool?"  The only response was "you take these things too personally, why would you take that personally?"  Am I really the asshole for thinking that is a personal attack?
e8mw3j	I am currently in Canada on a working holiday, in a spot where it's extremely hard to find work. I pretty much applied everywhere. After more than two weeks of looking I got a job at a Steakhouse, because someone hurt themselves and they needed me to replace them. I had no interview or anything. I applied as a prep-cook originally but in reality they make me be the dishwasher. Which I don't mind, I don't really care as long as I get the money I need to survive.  By today I have been working there for 6 days, when just this morning I got a call from a nearby hotel. They want to hire me as a bartender. A job I always wanted to do, but didn't believe to be good enough for yet. Also I feel like having experience as a bartender is really valuable for me, as all I did before were entry level jobs like bussing.  So WIBTA if I quit my dishwashing job after just one week and probably without two weeks notice to become a bartender instead?
e8mtvy	My uncle wants the entire family to go in together and get my husband and me a camcorder. We already have one, though we never use it. I do not want to hurt anyone’s feelings, but I don’t want anyone to waste money either! WIBTA if I told him we already have one?   Background info: I know that’s what he wants to get us because my mom told me. She knows we already have one but won’t tell him.   I am fine with pretending to love it, if I need to.  Edit: if I can’t figure out how to tell him, I’ll donate my old camcorder and keep the new one. It’s so sweet that he thought of us. We can make a habit of using it.
e8mt5u	Ok, so I want to start out by saying, my job is essentially to be the office assistant. I do essentially whatever my boss (and sometimes other people) asks me to do. I do have tasks that I’m supposed to complete every day, but I sometimes have a little bit of down time if my boss hasn’t given me anything to do.   I also want to clarify, the woman that I’m talking about is NOT my boss.   So she has a job. And on the surface, it can sometimes seem like she is busier than I am. I maintain that this is because it takes her FOREVER to do simple tasks because she doesn’t know how to work the computer. I also think she may be pushing off some of her work because she’s lazy and loves to complain about absolutely everything.   So when she asks me for the 12th time how to work the scanner, I usually help her out. If she asks me to make a simple call for her, I’ll usually do it if I’m not busy. But now she’s decided there are all kinds of things that are not my job that she wants me to do. I’m all for helping out, but I don’t know half of what goes into her job and I have to ask a thousand questions just to do it right. And sometimes she makes out like me doing her job for her is more important than doing my work when I have it, even though mine is usually more time sensitive.   This would all be different if I genuinely thought she didn’t have time to do all her work, but if she shut her mouth and stopped complaining and listened when I explained to her how to send an email (again) she would work a lot faster.   I also want to say, when the situation is reversed, she never helps me. One of my jobs is to answer the phones, which I do, even though they usually want to talk to her or my boss. I’ll take a message or pass the phone to whoever they want to talk to and she is always visibly annoyed, even when it’s her they want to speak to. And if I leave the room, she refuses to answer the phone. Even if she’s expecting a call. She doesn’t answer it, she doesn’t take messages. Usually, she won’t even tell me that the phone rang.    So AITA for not wanting to do her job for her, a job that I don’t actually know how to do, even when I have down time?
e8mrnw	Me and my friend, quite possibly ex-friend now, have known each other for about 3 years now. I've known her (ex)  boyfriend for barely four months, but I'd consider us good friends.   My friend was clearly unhappy with the relationship, seeking company elsewhere and she'd always complain about him only taking her to the same places and not giving her the treatment she deserves.   She brought up the idea of breaking up with him a few times, but she never actually did it. I know she's been seeing another guy, but I don't know how serious it was.   Anyway, this Friday her boyfriend told me about wanting to buy her this expensive ring. It was really expensive, especially for poor students like us, so I was just genuinely concerned that he was going to waste his money on that when she might just ditch him a few weeks later, so I tried to convince him to buy something less expensive.   He obviously saw right through me and kept asking me why I'm trying to change his mind, so I told him about her wanting to break up with him, cause she feels neglected. Then he asked me about the other guy's name and I did tell him only what I KNOW - that they're seeing each other at least once a week and are possibly just friends.   Fast forward in time, I got a message from him that he broke up with her. I feel like I've done something absolutely awful, because I know how much he's been looking forward to their first Christmas together.   What do you think?
e8mmcw	My(23F) grandma (73) took care of us since we were babies and we were always closer to her than with our parents since both mom and dad (53) is working. She is a single parent and have a huge hatred and bias over my mom due to her jealousy, she has had some issues with my dad since she was not present in his childhood due to working hard for his college fund. After over decade of arguments and fights. It resulted into my dad and mom moving out into a new house /abandoning her and asking us kids to move out together as well. They wouldn't even let her know where we stay incase she'll come and disrupt our lives. My second sister (21F) is currently staying with her while the rest of us stay with my parents. I'm working in another city to avoid the family drama and I visit my parents sometimes but never pay visits to my grandma although they're both in the same town.   After my parents moved out and my grandma couldn't get what she want (150k from my parents and us staying with her). She did a huge stunt during first day of Chinese New year ( a big deal for us Chinese). She came to our relatives house where they barely knew who she was and started begging for angpow (money) saying she was abandoned by her family and has no money to eat -  which were all lies to victimise herself and cause drama. She refused to leave after making my mom and her mom cried when my grandma mentioned about my mom's dad recent passing. My siblings and I had to drag her back home forcefully and I ended up losing it and start shouting at her in the car to stop whatever the fuck she was trying to do.   Long story short, that's when I really start to not feel bad for her at all as I realise that she brought everything to herself. That day onwards, I moved everything I own in the old house to my parents house. Whenever I come back during the weekend, I went to stay at my parents house instead and rarely visit her. I just don't pity her anymore and I'm fed up with the negative words she say when I do visit her sometimes. It's a shame because I loved her deeply before, she was a good listener and we told her everything since we were kids.   It's been 9 months since I saw her.. AITA if I never called her all this while and am too lazy to go back my hometown this weekend?.. I know she'll be happy to see me, its just that it's been so long and I don't really know what to say to her.
e8mili	I have a good friend that I have known for 19 years and am used to seeing him succeed. After living overseas for 10 years, he has struggled to find and keep a good job now that he is back in the States. A lot of it is because of his stubbornness.   I am fairly knowledgeable in options trading, and he has asked me to mentor him. I have emphasized that this needs to be a side hustle, and not something he can rely on for income for several years. He insisted, and I have been educating him, and running practice accounts based on actual market conditions.   He is almost ready to put real money in, but doesn't have any. I offered a killer deal: $1k loan at 6.75apr to start. He trades wisely until the $1k is doubled, at which point he pays me back and goes on his own.  He gets butt-hurt and says "that really takes the wind out of the sails of a growing balance". I agree, but say that I'd like to get in and out of the loan as fast as possible because I have yet to have a good experience lending to friends or family.  He says he needs to think about it, ends the call and we have not talked since (this was Saturday).   AITA? The way I see it is I shared my time and knowledge, offered sweet financing, and the fact he is upset about anything is absurd.
e8mepm	I work as an IT engineer, and basically one part of my job is imaging. I recieve the machine, put enterprise-version of win 10 on it, install the software needed, yadayadayada, and deploy it to the user.  About 6 months ago, we were informed that we would have to shift to a new area, however the moving time was not confirmed. Last week (2nd December) they decided not to move (this is important for later on.)  However 2 weeks ago (25th Nov), my boss went on a 1 week break, and my 2nd level boss (basically my boss's boss) told us that we would have to move by the end of that week. So, we started shifting out monitors to our new area, and we came to an agreement that the machines which would be deployed past that week, would go to the new area. As we only had one machine that was being deployed in January, we brought that machine up to our new area.  Fast forward to today, the person receiving the new machine asked us if we could do it for her today, to which my boss said "yes sure." (I was not in the office at this time) However when he tried looking for the machine, it was not in our area. As he was not around when we did the moving, he did not know that the machine was moved.  After I told him that the machine was at our new area (this is when I came back from my project), due to our boss's instructions of moving to the new area by the end of the week (the week he was not around) , he proceeded to chew me out, saying I was irresponsible about the machine movement, that I should have informed my colleagues about it (I did, but the colleagues that knew about it as well are no longer around).  I tried explaining to him about why I did what I did, and he said "I'm the one sitting here, why are you listening to (boss), why are you blaming (colleagues that have left)" to which I responded that I'm not blaming but rather I'm trying to explain why I did what I did. He just told me to shut the fuck up, and that my reasons were not valid since the new instructions were that we would not be moving for the time being.  Following this, I asked him if he would like me to remove myself from the team since he did not seem to like my work ethic, and he replied with "yes you should." Following that, I left the group chat and the area, sent a message to our boss saying "don't blame X, it was me who shifted the machine. I should have informed someone about it, that's my mistake" however, the team only consists of 4 people, 3+him.   With me removing myself from the team, he's now left with 2 people (both of who have their own projects to run as well, and most likely will not be able to help him out if he needs help.) So reddit, AITA?
e8mdrj	i (f20) live in a house with 4 other girls and one girl always has their boyfriend over. anytime i come over they’re always on the couch in the living room no matter what time it is. other roommates have expressed that her boyfriend being over all the time (even when she’s not there) is frustrating, but nothing seems to budge her.   Being that 5 people live in this house, it can get tricky and really only 5 cars can fit in the driveway normally before you have to start blocking people in. her boyfriend continuously takes up one of those five spots leaving me or other roommates to have to block people in which can be frustrating since we all have different schedules and i may have to wake up just to move my car for someone.   the thing is i’m rarely home. for the month i’ve been staying with my boyfriend due to his car issues since i’ve been helping him out, so i feel like i can’t really say anything to this roommate since i’m never really home and he’s here more than me?   I guess i’m just looking to make sure that i’m not crazy and that her and her boyfriend continuously making common and shared spaces messy, taking up parking, and things like that are not fair to other rent payers.
e8m9we	I am a 19 year old guy in college.  Last year I made good friends with this other guy. He was a good friend. Always asked me how I was doing, offered me help when I didn't even ask for it, checked up on me often. He was 26 (went to military after HS). So he was older than most of the class.  Bit of backstory: I moved around a TON growing up all the way up until I started college last year so I never really made any friends and so it meant a lot to me having a friend like him now.  He suddenly stops showing up to class three weeks before the school year ends. He always showed up so I text him and no response. Keep trying to get a hold of him and no response. Long story short eventually a get a hold of him and he says he just didn't care for school anymore and wants to return to the military. I wish him well and our conversation ends.  I feel like he should have at least gave me a goodbye or something. I feel like if you know a person for a whole year and have gotten to know them and you decided to leave their life you should at least give them one last farewell.  A few months later I decided to ask him how he's doing. We talk for a bit and I ask him if he wouldn't mind meeting up with me so we could see each other one last time before he leaves. He says sure so over the next few days we make plans to do so. At this point he's about a week away from leaving.  We decide on a Friday. Everything's going well when he starts drunk texting me the night before. He says he wants to snuggle and cuddle and have sex with me and wanted me to come over and hang out with him and his roommates. I didn't and I became very upset that he fucked up our plans to get drunk the night before the day we planned to see each other. He was scheduled to leave on Saturday morning.  So I decided to not say anything to him and see if he would get back to me sometime during the day on Friday but he doesn't. So Saturday morning comes and I let him have it. I send him a real heartfelt message that was mainly me talking about how much of a piece of shit he is for being my friend and making me feel important and then just ditching me and leaving me in the dark and on top of that ruining something that he knew would have meant a lot to me (seeing each other one last time).  He never got back to me until about a week later when he once again drunk texted me. He tells me he wants to fuck and have some fun and again asks me to come over and hang out (Is this normal talk for a drunk person or might there be a deeper meaning behind this?). This time I do NOT respond aggressively but instead tell him to get rest and feel better.  That was a month ago and we haven't spoken since. I did text him a day or so after telling him I'm not mad anymore and that he shouldn't feel embarrassed for drunk texting me but he still won't respond.   So basically just want to know if I am the asshole for getting upset at my friend for getting drunk and ruining our plans or if I overreacted.
e8m9ma	So the person in the room next to me (both single rooms in a dorm) has had people staying with her for like a week. I’ve never had any problem with her and I don’t really give a fuck who she has over but tonight things escalated in a weird way.   I had just walked out of the bathroom stall and unintentionally made eye contact with one of her friends in the mirror while walking to the sink and this girl turns to me and asks me why I rolled my eyes at her? I replied that I hadn’t done so..that I don’t even know her but she was real aggressive about it. I could then hear through our paper thin walls her talking shit about me so I knocked on the door and told her I don’t really care if she talks shit about me but could she keep it down because I’m literally next door and, like I said, thin walls. And again she was super confrontational about it and after i left I could hear her talking about how she should come knock on my door and tell me off and fuck me up.   SO I reported the girl who’s room it is to the ra and tbh I hope they tell her trashy friends to gtfo. Part of me is like..i have one week left here before I graduate and fuck spending it being harassed by a bunch of eighteen year olds, but also is the snitch worth the bitch? Am I the asshole for reporting the girl who’s room it is?
e8m7vs	So my school is on a block schedule, so we have ~90 min blocks. I have French first block and my teacher this last week took a point off of my participation because I went to the bathroom multiple times in a week and went there for 10 minutes because I decided to be brave and take a shit in a school bathroom because I really needed to. I also drink a lot of water throughout the school day because I used to not do that, like in the beginning of the school year and felt a lot worse.  She told me that it’s too long, and I should hold it in and she sees no reason for me going. She also said unless I have a medical reason for going 10 minutes it’s unacceptable. She also says that I used to not do it as much at the beginning of the year. I feel like it’s unreasonable even though I understand practicing the language is important, and because I’m a girl I genuinely could be on my period or something that is time in a way that would consistently coincide with her class because of the potential for TSS. I see no reason why I would have to explain myself, and the bathroom is right next to our classroom, so she knows I’m not just wandering the halls. So reddit AITA and disrespecting her class time and should I just suck it up and ignore my need to pee?
e8m4j1	I’ll try to keep this short, as it is quite a long story.   Background info: This girl is in a toxic group, and randomly joins ours whenever they are mean to her.  Whenever she joins our group, she makes a point of telling us that she doesn’t want to stay with us, that she would definitely go back if she could. She says, “they kicked me out so I joined you guys”.  This happens a lot to my group, so we get quite irritated when everyone sees our group as a safe haven for people that no one likes, or something.  But I enjoyed having her their, even though she is quite a bad person (I only realised this later. Check out my other post on this subreddit on the same person Link: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/e89rp6/aita_when_some_pushes_my_head_into_water/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)  One day, I had enough, and I found her and told her she either stayed with them or joined ya, and not changed depending on what they are doing. I was about to explain that they were so toxic that I didn’t want her with them, when she just started screaming at me. If you read my other post, you’d know that I am deaf and wear hearing aids, which led to me not knowing exactly what it is she said.   This is many weeks after this happened, we fixed the issue and she joined us. But then, suddenly, she and everyone in my group stop talking to me. I asked her why, and she yelled st me that it was because I kicked her out of the group, even though for three weeks we had hung out as great friends, and she suddenly decided she changed her mind and just hated me for no reason. Now, everyone in my group hate me because they don’t want to know the full story and I will never be able to join back with the friends I loved so much. AITA for wanting my friend to leave a toxic friendship group?
e8m45b	So I'm going back home for winter break and I have the option of going with either of my 2 friends, both of whom are leaving on the same day. I told one kid that I'm riding with him but he said that he would charge me 75$ for the trip, whereas my other friend would charge me $30 (due to the differences in MPG between their cars). Would I be an asshole if I told my friend that I'm going to take the cheaper ride?
e8lxnv	So basically, I have worked at a department store (won't say which one but it's a huge chain) for 11 years.   Over the years, I've had certain set days off. They have changed over the years for various reasons. My most recent days off are Tuesdays and Thursdays.  I was not scheduled to work this past Thanksgiving due to it being on a Thursday and me being off. So I assume the next same would apply to Christmas Eve as it is on a Tuesday this year. So I made plans to be at my mother's with the assumption that I had the day off.  And wouldn't you know, they freaking scheduled me. To say I am pissed is an understatement. And not only did they schedule me to work, but they gave me a full 8-hour shift and I'm expected to stay after the store closes to help clean up and put away returns and may be there as late was 9 at night.  I talked to my manager and she was generally useless saying they needed me to be there even though no one else in my department has Tuesdays blocked and could easily work. And we're never that busy on Christmas Eve it's always just a lot of phone calls so they only really need someone there to answer the phone. And I found out quite a few other co-workers have been scheduled too which makes me think we're way over staffed.  I don't want to work this day and I went to corporate about it. I haven't heard back so far but I basically said it was unethical for them to ignore my blocked days off and force me to work on a day I would normally be off just because it happens to be before a holiday. I workd the past 10 Christmas Eves  without complaint from 2008 to 2018. I think I am finally entitled to one off to actually be with my family for once.   Everyone I've talked to seems to agree with me except my dad who says I'm being selfish. But all my other family, friends, and co-workers think it's bogus what they did to me.   Am I the asshole for not wanting to work? What do you guys think?
e8lxac	me and my neighbors house are front to back, so he has the front house and I have the house behind him.  unfortunately you cant see my house so the postal service always delivers to his place when I order packages, regular stuff goes into the post box but anything I get of Amazon or ebay ends up in his backyard.  his backyard is also in full view of the streat.   I have been unable to catch him as we have conflicting schedules so I just decided that I would walk through his gate and collect any packages that are addressed to me.   he found out I was doing it and got incredibly pissed and wants me to stop.   AITA?  additional info  we both rent the houses from the same landlord so he doesn't own it.  the landlord has always been fine with it and every previous tenant has also been fine with what I'm doing.
e8lwpa	So I never had a great relationship with my mom growing up, she’s very narcissistic and bipolar and most of the memories i have with her was her terrorizing me and getting into screaming matches with me when i was a child and teenager. My dad couldn’t do anything because she had custody of me and I only got to see my dad every other weekend, if he picked me up on her custody day she could call the cops on him.   The day after i turned 18 she decided to scream at me again so I called my dad and left, she already had a lot of my things packed up and handed them to me when i left. I moved to a dorm in a college two hours away from her home and lived there. My mom rarely contacts me, usually once every two months and it’s never to ask how i’m doing and it’s always through text, it’s her talking about herself. I’ve visited her for holidays before and she always goes from being normal to angry and hostile towards me very quickly and always starts a fight over something dumb. There have been times where she’s visited me and she’s been normal but it’s like taking a gamble. I used to see her once or twice a year but she’s stopped visiting.    This is going to sound petty but her facebook is literally all about her dogs and she only cares about a couple of distant relatives she has that are rich and famous and posts about them constantly. She never posts about me and it feels like she doesn’t care.  I’ve reached a point where i’ve given up and I’m done trying to believe that i’ll have a normal relationship with her because i can’t change her. She wants me to visit her for christmas but I don’t think I can because I’m tired of being disappointed and hurt by her.
e8lsfz	UPDATE: Thanks everyone so far for your input. Feeling much better, also I texted a coworker, and he said not to worry about it and that the spines will dissolve as I thought. I finally can get some rest! You sure are all kind and sweet. Thanks again for helping this gal feel at peace with myself. XOXO  So, I work in a plant/flower shop.   Today as I was closing, a young lady came in, declined help, and picked up a hard-to-access cactus. Unfortunately some tiny spines got stuck on the top of her hand. She came over and showed me the damage. To be honest it was not that bad, localized in a spot the size if half a dime. But, she was touching them with her other hand and they got into that hand too. I was not sure what to do, so I tried to remove some with tape. She decided to do the tape thing by herself, and I offered her our bathroom to use and advised her to wash her hands. Unfortunately we do not have any tweezers on site and was not able to help her much. When she came out, another customer and I suggested using a pair of tweezers to pick them out and keep it clean. I also told her that they weren't too deep and that they would be irritated for a few days, but eventually work their way out. She said she did not have tweezers at home. I was not sure of what to say...  She did not seem angry, per say, but she was seeming upset that we did not have a sign to warn customers about the cactus spines. But we have hundreds of customers and we haven't had this problem before... I mean, it's a cactus, right? Accidents happen, and if it was hard to get she could have asked.   I have been up tonight feeling worried like I did not help her enough. I guess in the moment I was a bit shocked and in the middle of finishing up a project. I guess I didn't know what to do. I have been pricked by that type of cactus a few times, and realistically, you do what you can and it gets better eventually. It kind of sucks, but it isn't the worst thing. I also get scrapes, irritants, soil, spines in me all the time. So I'm used to the pain. Later on I felt bad and realised that it was probably pretty scary and she isnt used to getting pricked all the time. I have been going over my head everything I could have done- call my boss, find her some tweezers, give her a free plant... is this on me? I still feel bad about it. I was just kind of startled and didn't know what to do.   I did not get her contact info, in retrospect, I should have, so I can't offer any more advice.   AITA?   I did put a sign up afterwards.
e8ls6x	I (22M) have been with my partner (22F) for about 4 years now we have always given gifts to each other and done our own things for everyone else   For example my partner gifts to her sister both parents and a secret Santa with her extended family  I however only really give to my brother ever since I got a job as there isn’t a lot of money in my part time work.  This has worked fine and that’s how we do things but the extended family’s have always been different my partners extended family is huge and do a secret Santa they’re also very close knit meaning I don’t really get invited to much (not that I mind) it’s just how they are.  My family usually just buy gifts for the nieces and nephews (my cousins) and not really anything except when my aunts and uncles might splash out for my grandma. The difference is I come under the “nieces and nephews” section and my partner usually does too many we get joint gifts (2 movie tickets) or smaller seperate items from my family for us both.   THE POINT: I have a bit extra and asked my brother and partner to chip in on a gift for my parents this year and hey both agreed. My parents buy us all gifts each year and it’s nice to be able to give back but because of this my partner wants to give to her parents but in the 4 years I have known them I have received nothing more than a handshake from them.  I don’t mind not receiving gifts at all and am happy without but I don’t think it worth giving gifts to my gfs parents as they never even gave me a card or an invite to Christmas at the least  AITA?
e8lqdq	This is my first post so please forgive any formatting issues; I’m not really sure how to do this. Also I’m on mobile.   I attend a local university and currently am taking a difficult class with about 40 people in it. The tests in this class are very difficult sometimes, so they can be pretty heavily curved. The curve is always a flat curve that adds the amount of points the curve setter needs to get to 100% (if the top scorer gets an 84%, everyone in the class gets 16% on top of their test grade).   A couple months ago after getting back my test grade for one of the tests, my best friend at the school (we will call them Z) who is also in the class texted me that they were upset about their grade on the test and that it wasn’t fair because a lot of people cheated. I’d had no idea that anyone had been cheating, so I was pissed off, but I didn’t know any details, so I let it go since I didn’t want to go tell somebody about it and not even know what I was talking about and completely basing my story off of what one person had said in passing.   Fast forward to today, while studying for the final with Z, Z says that they are going to be pissed if people cheat on the final. I ask about what happened with the cheating on that test, and am shocked to find out that it was much worse than what I had thought. One person in the class, who we’ll call O, had somehow been in the professor’s office, found a folder with the test key in it, and taken a picture. O sent out the picture to a group text containing a large group of students in the class (maybe 1/2 to 3/4 of the class). Z, who was in the group chat, saw the text after they had finished their test. Z immediately left the group chat so as not to be associated with it, but was too afraid to tell anyone out of fear that they would get in trouble too, since they had been sent the picture (I can attest that Z didn’t cheat, because I sit next to them).  I found out later that we had only gotten a very small curve, since there were some very high scores on this test, and my grade, as well as others’ in the class who didn’t cheat, suffered. Z also mentioned one other student they had talked to who also didn’t cheat but was sent the picture and scared to talk to anyone about it out of fear of being expelled.   This is where I’m afraid I’d be the asshole. I really think I should let someone high up at the school know, but if I do, I might be throwing my friend under the bus, along with anyone else who was included in the group text but didn’t cheat. WIBTA if I let someone know about the cheating?
e8lpzq	AITA for not telling\* my boyfriend a guy I dated DM'd me (next time I will learn to proofread since I'm not able to change the header!)   My boyfriend and I have been together for almost a year and a half. Our relationship is great and amazing outside of the fact that my bf has some trust issues he's trying to get over. Nothing that I have caused, it's a leftover PTSD from an ex cheating on him years and years ago. He can't help his brain from wandering to worst case scenario, so we have decided to tell eachother everything (for example, bumping into an ex or someone from our past reaches out).  This is new for me, I'm an open person but I've never had someone blatantly ask to know everything before. Random things have happened here and there, and if I mention to him that a guy I dated texted me (100% of the time its been innocent), his mood instantly changes and he gets veryyyyy quiet and short, acting like I did something wrong.  Last week I was a concert with my friend and I ran into a guy I dated 4 years ago (dated for only a couple months, didn't even consider him a boyfriend), and this was the first time I've seen him since we dated. The situation for me was awkward, and I told my boyfriend in person the next day. The "ex" is married now, and I congratulated him on that, nothing remotely flirty happened. But when I told my boyfriend, his mood visibly changed and he got really quiet and somber but told me everything was fine. Since he seemed to get sad when I told him what happened, I decided to not tell him that same guy DMd me on instagram. The DM was nothing juicy, he asked me what songs the band played as an encore because he left the show early. I responded and there was no back and forth. I know I should have told him, but I didn't want him to worry about the situation even more.  Last night I was on instagram and he was looking over my shoulder and just said "you're still talking to that guy?" He saw his name in my messages. By then it had been a few days and I had totally forgotten he even messaged me. I apologized to my bf and told him we aren't talking, he asked me a question and there was no back and forth conversation happening. My bf is now very visibly upset, and we've gone a whole day without speaking. I sent him a loooong text apologizing, saying that being this honest is new for me and I'm still trying to get better at it, and that I didn't see the conversation with the guy I had previously dated as a red flag and that I was sorry for not telling him about it. Obviously I should have told him out of respect for his unfortunate trust issues, but I feel like I'm being punished for something that was so incredibly minor. Am I the asshole? Is he overreacting? Help!
e8lntu	   I'll just call her Amy. I had been close friends with this girl all my life,spent most of my free time with her. Amy would always be very protective of me, a bit too much sometimes but I always appreciated that she was looking out for me and would return the favor by being there for her. She had a lot of problems, mental health wise, and I would always listen to them and just do everything I could to be a good friend. She never made an effort to listen to my problems but I always accepted it as her being too worried about her own things. She also had a slightly mean sense of humor, and would criticize me a lot, but I just assumed it was all in good fun.   Amy was family to me, not perfect but I loved her like a sister.   We went to separate colleges far apart, we’d still talk, and would meet up whenever we could. Then I met my boyfriend.  It was the start of my first relationship so I was excited to tell her everything,and she seemed happy for me. I thought they would get along so I was excited for us all to hang out.  We met up with her. and it was awful.  Her "sassy humor" became insults about my intelligence, my appearance etc. And it wasn't just me, she was rude to my boyfriend, calling him awful things. She took me aside and told me I would never be happy.   I was used to her comments but this was 100x worse and it hurt me that she wouldn’t even attempt to be nice.   Now I handled this badly. I was avoiding confrontation, So stopped hanging out with Amy which lead her to feel as though I'd "replaced" her. She would post about it on social media, comment on all my posts and even my family members posts. It went on for 4 months, her badmouthing me, and me just letting her get away with it.Then one day I got a call from a family member, Amy had marched up to them in the street and started complaining about me.   So I lost my temper, I tried to explain my feelings properly but couldn’t, especially as Amy would brush off all of my complaints like they were meaningless. I told her that I was done.   and that was it until a couple weeks ago. I got a text from her, apologizing. Then the "I know you hate me, and want me to die" messages came in. I felt like this was basic manipulation.. she's started telling others that I'm this villain who took advantage of her friendship, ignored her emotions and made her want to “end it all”. I feel awful.  a lot of people who know us both have been trying to convince me to apologize to her, that I should have considered her mental health and forgiven her again. instead of leaving her. The thing is, I have been dealing with the same mental health issues, similar circumstances and she was fully aware of that. I feel like I gave her enough chances, though I do realize I should have been honest with her from the start.  I'm honestly not sure what I should have done exactly and I doubt I'll ever get closure on this, but it would really help to get an outsiders perspective.It plays on my mind constantly. Thank you for your time and honesty.
e8lmaw	My (27f) sister (31) and I have lived in different states for about 2 years now so we don't get to see each other very often but we still talk fairly often over the phone and video chat.  She has 3 sons (3, 6, and 9) who I love to death and miss terribly. I do not have any children so I don't like commenting at all on how they're being raised, but today was the exception.  Her oldest son was caught stealing a necklace from a friend's house. He brought it to school and gave it to a girl. As punishment, my sister told me he's grounded from everything he enjoys, including reading. This is a big deal to me because I usually read to him a few nights a week as bonding time and we both really enjoy it. I find this punishment extreme, since reading is healthy and I don't think it should be taken away. He's also not allowed to get any toys for Christmas, and any he does get will be donated. But that's not what made me break my no-comment rule   Today, I found out he's also lost his bed and is sleeping on the floor with just a pillow and blanket.   I am completely disgusted and told her that she's going to traumatize him and turn him into a depressed, disaster of an adult and that she's ruining his childhood. She says I have no right to judge her because I don't have kids so I don't know what it's like to have a child who always misbehaves. I don't think I need to have kids to be able to identify borderline child neglect, but maybe my lack of first-hand experience really is telling. So, Reddit, AITA?
e8ljat	so in 2017 i worked as a server at an italian place. one day this young (20s?) white couple come in and as soon as i introduce myself they instantly come across as creepy to me.  while i'm taking they drinks order, the wife say to me 'i'm so sad obama is gone, i'm so sorry'.  i'm a black guy btw.  the whole time i'm serving, they complimenting me - the wife say she love my hair, husband say i'm the best waiter they ever had.  they keep coming in over and over again for a month, sit in my area and repeat the same kinda thing.  the wife leave a TripAdvisor review and the title is “This is great pizza...and the young buck waiter rocks!”. it still up there now.  i ended up leaving that restaurant for stealing and now i'm at a chinese place.  so two days ago this couple walks in. i ain't seen them in years.   the husband make eye contact first and he literally scream and starts pushing his wife and then she look my way and they both run towards me and hug me at the same time  the husband tells me 'we looked everywhere for you. we thought you moved outta state'.  the wife is crying.  i'm really weirded out because i don't know these people like that or even tryna know them  they talking to me like we old friends. the wife again starts talking about how much she hate trump, wish obama would come back, and how she sorry for how bad white ppl treat us.  the husband crying at this point and he just keeps saying how ashamed he is  this all while i'm just tryna take they order. not even being friendly with them because i know how they are  eventually i get they order and take it to the back  when i bring drinks, the wife start complimenting my hair again and the husband say i got more muscular. the wife laughing and say she bets i get all the girls.  finally they about to leave, after staying for over 2 hours just drinking cocktails. they kinda drunk at this point and the husband start asking me for my number 'to make sure we don't lose touch' again.   he hugging me getting way too close so i tell him back up and he looks like he gonna cry again but then says 'i'm so sorry, i'm just really emotional and feel so bad about what's happened in this country in the last few years' and offers me a handshake and i did shake his hand but told him not to say stuff like that.  THE VERY NEXT DAY they came back again.  i wasnt tryna deal with that again so i go tell my manager (white lady) and explain the whole thing....she say they're just being friendly and tryna be good ppl.  she say i need to do my job and serve them.   so i did and the whole thing happen again. wife touching my arm, husband leaves me a $20 tip on a $45 order saying 'i know it's nothing compared to what u deserve from us' and both of them tryna hug me again when they leave.  my buddies feel like im blowing things outta proportion and that's just how things are where we live and i needa put up with it. my manager saying the same.  AITA for feeling like this and maybe just vibing wrong? WIBTA for refusing to serve them?
e8lijf	Ok so me and this guy named M (he also uses reddit) dated for around 7 months for our senior year of high school. We had a very strong relationship, I truly felt that I loved him, but we had a mutual breakup in the middle of August since we were going to different colleges and knew we couldn't do long distance, especially since we both had 18+ college hours ahead of us. We stayed friends but have slowly drifted apart, and that's fine with me, only problem is my best friend and roommate is still friends with him. While this is not a problem at all, I'm not the jealous type, it makes me kind of uncomfortable to hear his new sexual exploits when she facetimes him or hear about his new girlfriend when he asks her for relationship advice. I'm extremely happy that he's moved on and everything, but am I the asshole for not wanting to hear about it?
e8lg0u	There’s this annoying kid in my class that has needed my chrome book charger for 2 weeks straight. I’ve let him, but today I finally decided it should end. When he asked, I said that he’s needed it for two weeks straight and he should charge it at home. He called me a piece of shit. I said that calling me that doesn’t help him getting it in the future. My friend agreed. He then asked for a pen to borrow, which he also frequently asks for. I again said no. I might have said yes if he didn’t call me a piece of shit. He muttered something and I just ignored him. Am I the asshole?
e8ldzk	I'm in intermediate orchestra, and there is a Winter concert coming up. My parents recently had a baby and they insist on bringing her everywhere they go. I honestly HATE babies, and I hate people who think it's a great idea to bring them to performances, movies, planes, ect. It just ruins everyone's day when babies come into the mix.   My biggest problems are that they openly know how much I hate children and insist that I need to get over it and she's going no matter what. Also, this is the one and only time my parents will be the first time my parents have ever acknowledged anything I try to do, and I don't want it ruined by a shouting baby that just leads them to direct their attention to the baby, solely. I also understand that they want to see me perform because I'm their child and they 'love' me.  On the other hand, I understand that she's a newborn and has to be constantly watched over and such'. It's not like she can be left at home for three hours. They need to be with their moms. But, I rather they just stay home in that case, but if I tell them that, I'll just get yelled at that I'm immature and I need to love my baby sister, and I'm just a terrible person for acting her.  Anyways, that's the current situation. I don't want my dad and stepmom to come at all (because they're terrible to me), but they will get mad if I don't invite them. Am I just a shitty selfish person? Or am I justified?
e8lbs5	Ok, so I just started working at a new job maybe 2 months ago. I work under quality management. I also happen to have some IT knowledge. This new company's IT department is literally drowning, and having a hard time. To keep it short, I've helped a lot, and even managed to save them from a network crash, that could have caused them a large monetary loss. I've been working half my time with my original position and have been called several times to help our IT department by the chief/CEO of the company himself (granted it's a small company). I'm happy that even some of the bigger names on the company know who I am. Honestly I'm just trying to lay low, and do my job. I just happen to be in the right place and the right time with some IT knowledge. My question is, because I am a new employee, I  have to wait 6 months to be able to switch positions within the company.  My current department really needs the help, but the IT department has a manager position open. Honestly, I'm shinning right know, and there's a possibility that I could maybe be considered for the job. My only reservation is that I feel like a douche for bailing on my current department, and leaving for the IT Dept. I even try to justify not applying to the job l, by telling myself I don't meet the requirements they 'may' be looking for. My current manager gave me a chance, and I don't want to be that guy, but at the same time I've been wanting to get into the IT world for a while, and this may be my only chance. I appreciate your input! Thank you
e8l9h6	My husband (30M) is defending his PhD in 1 week. He has been a PhD student for 8 years working for this. I (30F) live 3 hours from the location of his defense and don't want to go because that would involve driving my kids (1 and 3) 3 hours (there is no one to take care of them but me). Paying $100+ for a hotel room. Not even getting to listen to his defense (toddlers cant sit that long silently). Going to his celebration party, but not getting to participate, since I'll be taking care of the kids, while he is distracted by all the well-wishers. Paying another $100+ hotel stay. Then driving 3 hours back, with two unhappy kids. I dont want to drive that week then turn around and drive again for Christmas. I don't want to spent money we dont have because of Christmas. I wont be able to listen to his defense of participate in the party, I might as well not be there. My husband is sad I don't want to go. He wants me to support him. He wants to show off the kids. I think bringing the kids will be a distraction to him and my bad mood during the ordeal will be a distraction. He needs full concentration on the task at hand.  EDIT: Thank you for all the replies. I have talked to my husband and I plan on dropping the kids off when daycare opens, drive to his defense, stay a little for the party, then drive back and pick up the kids before daycare closes. This will allow me to support him but not have to worry about the kids or hotel cost.
e8l0sy	Ok, so i’m rooming with my best friend from college. We love each other to death but today we got into an awkward fight. Basically, on Friday I was looking for something to wear and started looking through her things since I had nothing. I saw a sweatshirt I liked so I just put it with my stuff and we both left for the weekend. Important info: She never wears it, we always tell each other what is mine is yours, and she has borrowed stuff from me without asking in the past. So i wear the shirt, wash and dry it, and bring it back today. Then in class i get a snapchat, IN A GROUP WITH ANOTHER GIRL who has nothing to do with it, telling me i’m a thief. She’s half joking but i still felt so awkward and bad for not asking, so I bought her a red bull, helped her with her homework, did a series of nice things and she never mentions it so i think we’re good. Then, once we go out to dinner with the girl from the group chat, she starts talking about it saying “i feel uncomfortable leaving you in my room alone when you rifle through my things”. I straight up said “Ok, then stop using my tooth paste, taking my melatonin, eating my popcorn, borrowing my shirts, hitting my pen, and lighting my candles. And next time don’t be a pussy and say it to my face, without Ava here” and she just like starting tearing up and runs out of the dining hall. I know it’s a lot of info to unpack but I just wanna know what you guys think.. I feel like an asshole but in reality I think I said what needed to be said. Edit: To be fair we really are equal with sharing. For example i bought the tide pods, she brought dryer sheets, I use her hair dryer and straightener, she uses my setting powder, I do eat her snacks sometimes, so I don’t want to make it sound like she uses all my shit and doesn’t let me use any of hers. I’m just saying she shouldn’t say “What’s mine is yours” and then throw a tantrum in front of our friend and try and embarrass me
e8kznw	My sister and I (both 20F) are twins that are roommates in the same dorm at the same college. Our parents had set up a college fund for the both of us so that we wouldn't have to worry about going into too much student loan debt. And for some context, I will admit that my parents make quite a bit of money, so it's never really been the biggest issue for us. For the first two years, my sister and I had enough scholarship money that we didn't have to take any student loans, because were able to pay the remaining amount from the college funds. However, after a financial hiccup in our family and because my sister lost a good portion of her scholarship due to low GPA, we had to start applying for them. We did for the first semester, and everything worked out. But when the spring semester started to roll around, we had to reapply for them.   My sister, about two months into the fall semester asked me how to go about reapplying for the loans. I figured we had a few more months to go and said that I hadn't known yet, and then she never said anything again. Fast forward, about a month before tuition payments start to get sent out by the university, I reapplied for student loans. My sister never again asked me about the student loans or even about tuition. Until last night.   It was two nights before payment is due for the spring semester, my sister asked me about paying for them. Things had been going on in our lives and in our family, so we had both sort of put that off to the side. I called my mom and let her know that with scholarships and the student loans, how much I have to pay left over and about how much my text books were going to cost. We go over much I can pay, and how much they can pay and get it all sorted. My sister, then, comes to my door sobbing and yelling. Apparently, she never reapplied for student loans, nor had she even checked how much her spring tuition was going to cost until that night, and it was over the amount that my family could for immediately. I worked to help her reapply, but told her that there's no way it'll be added by the time tuition is due, so she'll have to set up a payment plan and then wait for the loans to eventually be applied and/or until she gets sent some kind of refund. I also tell her that it's a good idea to go to the bursars office sometime soon, because they could probably help with the situation.   She continues to cry and yell at me, telling me that I never told her to do it, even though she asked four months ago. That I had said that I didn't know how to do them, so how come I reapplied without telling her, and that she doesn't have time to be dealing with all of this right now. I finally snapped and yelled at her back. I told her that this was in no way my fault, that she can't blame me for her own mistakes, and that I'm not her mom.  She called our parents after that, and they are telling me that yelling at her and what I said was out of line and that I should apologize. I am refusing.   AITA?
e8kz77	My father passed away this week and the memorial was this Sunday. I told my two closest friends that if they wanted to go they could but if they didn’t want to I understand. Both my friends were very open with me and said they’d be there for me.   I gave them the address and told them I’d really appreciate it. Flash forward to the memorial, one of my friends shows up but the other last minute says he couldn’t make it. Ok fair enough I’m sure something came up.   The next day said friend who bailed texted me if I wanted to hangout. I told him I was mad because he bailed. He told me he didn’t feel comfortable.   Ok. I feel like he could’ve at least told me that instead of just not showing up at all.  AITA?
e8kxwp	*For those who don’t know, ‘dabbing’ is basically another form of smoking THC (weed) by heating up a rig with a blowtorch, heating the wax on the rig, & inhaling the smoke.* Now that’s out of the way; here’s what happened! My boyfriend always says we’re a team (as it should be) so we take turns buying things like food, wax, etc. He makes much more money than I do. Lately he’s been kinda short on cash so I pitched in a lot more than I normally can & bought him some Xmas candles & decor. He went to the store & while he was gone, I took a dab. He came back, noticed the torch was still hot & asked if I smoked with it. I said yes. He got much more angry than I ever thought. He said that I was ‘shady for sneaking a dab without asking permission’ & he thinks I’m ‘sneaking dabs’ whenever he’s gone now.  If we’re a team, then why does this matter? I said I was sorry & offered $30 for more wax. I do feel bad but I didn’t lie. I asked my friend for advice & she said he overreacted & was being ridiculous. However, I don’t know if she’s just biased. I feel I pitch in enough money-wise for this to not matter. Was I being shady/entitled for doing this?  INFO: He will buy wax & then whenever he asks me too I will as well. When I do buy it, it’s still not considered ‘mine’ though. I have to ask first. I’ve considered just buying my own stuff to avoid this but he doesn’t like it when I buy it on the street since he has a medical card. Sorry for any confusion guys!
e8kwgf	My step-uncle (stepmother's brother) passed away last week and his memorial is being held next week. I met him once at my dad and stepmom's wedding over 10 years ago.  I am pretty close with my dad but I was never close with my step-family. They are a VERY close-knit family. All 20ish members of the family live in the same neighborhood and when my dad and stepmom got married, they bought a place nearby.   I see them less than once a year. The last time I attended a family gathering was in 2018. I had to remind some of them of my name.   My dad asked if I wanted to go to the memorial and I'm not sure if it would be worth it to make the 2 hour drive out to where it is being held. I don't think it would really matter if I was there or not.   Tldr; My step-uncle passed away, I'm not close with that part of my family. WIBTA if I didn't go to the memorial?
e8kwed	Ok so basically my parents got divorced when i was 3 and around when i was 6 my mom met my stepdad. At first he was super nice but right after he got married to my mom he got super strict ( not too big of a deal), but then my mom gave birth to my brother. Immediatly afterward my stepdads focus was entirely on my brother, he got super strict and completely cut out doing things with me from his life or just replaced me with my brother. But then my mom gave birth to my sister and stuff went waaay downhill. He started drinking, he started yelling at me about the smallest things, he is really mean to my cat and dies things that are borderline animal abuse, and he barely ever even has normal conversations with me.  AITA?
e8kuy4	Okay this might be silly but I can't stop thinking about it so I'd like some feedback.   So the apartment building where I live has been for sale for months now and there has been several visits with potential buyers, the bank, building inspectors ,etc. They always warn us a few days ahead and it's always during the day on weekdays so I'm at work during the visit. I usually forget about them the day of and when I get home there will be kitchen cabinets or closet doors left wide open and then I remember and realise it must be the people who visited. Whatever, no big deal. Someone mentioned to me they might actually do that on purpose so that we're aware that they looked inside those closets/cabinets, anyway like I said , no big deal.  There was a visit again today. I also had a really awful day where everything went wrong at work and I was already feeling somewhat angry so when I get home and this time not only some cabinet or closets but all the blinds and curtains are open AND all the lights are on : I am livid. The lights in almost every single room are on. Even the lights inside one of the closet. Not only is that obviously a waste of electricity (and of money for me) but also you could see everything inside my apartment from the street. Not cool... Like I said, I was already pissed off so that truly sent me over the edge and I sent an angry email to the management company that's in charge saying how dumb, unnecessary and direspectful that was. Well they already replied and said they forwared my email to the new building owners (I guess there are new owners and they were here today - I wasn't aware) and that they will talk to the maintenance guy who is always there for the visits and make sure he knows how wrong that was.   I was on the phone with my sister earlier and she said that I was being an ass and that I overreacted. She said now the new landlords will hate me and think I'm a brat.  I'm starting to think she might be right? Honestly on a different day it might not even have bothered me. Idk. I also feel bad and wonder if that maintenance guy is going to get in trouble because of me?  AITA?
e8knes	My grandmother passed away this past March and left each of her grandkids (26, 25, 23, 21) $10,000 by word to my father*** edit. Now, me and my sister, (26,23) got our inheritance already but come to find out that my dads brother, the father to our cousins (25,21) never told his kids about the money. Now, my 21 year old cousin just had a baby this past week and as you could imagine, could really use that money. I should add that my cousin is an abuser of Xanax and found out that she was pregnant in her second round of rehab. But since she found out she was pregnant shes been clean. The father is still with her and active in her and the baby’s lives.  just texted her today asking if grandma left anything for her and her brother (25) after she died, and all she said is that she got a doll that she had always loved.  WIBTA if I told my cousin about the $10K that our grandmother wanted each of us to have?  It would start major drama within the family considering my uncle obviously didn’t tell them for a reason. But I feel like she has a right to know..
e8khcu	I've been friends with someone and her family for a little over a year now. They have two kids, and the younger one is functional autistic. He does however go to a special school with children having the same condition, some to a much worse degree. He recently had a birthday party which my family was invited to, but then right before was uninvited to. Here's how I perceive that going down. Invite came as per usual. We've been to one another's family parties all year, including one for this child last year. During the week before the party, I get a text asking me to please talk to my kids about not winning all the games and taking all the tickets because there will be some "smaller kids" there. Ok, I can try to explain that to my 6 and 7 yr old. It's also mentioned that my older one is probably ok but "we both know how the younger one can be". Alright, the younger one is definitely a difficult child so I get where that is coming from. That night I let the kids know that they will need to let the little kids win the games so they can get the prizes. (This is exactly how it was put to me). There's some confusion on their faces and my SO's as well. SO asks why there aren't any games for the older kids to play. I told her it's not our party, we didn't help set it up and we can't make the calls on what there is to do. It's about the birthday kid having fun.   &#x200B;  Flash forward a couple days and both my kids, SO and my friend are at a common extra curricular activity. My older kid apparently goes up to my friend and asks "Why aren't there any games for the older kids?". SO tells her to go away (probably embarrassed). Friend texts me asking if I had discussed what she asked, and then proceeds to tell me what my kid said. Well, sorry SO but I'm calling you out on that one. However I get in trouble from my friend for being inconsiderate and not standing up for what's right. I was guilty for being a bystander. Doesn't talk to me for days. Of course we're told not to come to the party.  &#x200B;  Today I get a group text to "clear the air" basically calling me out for not explaining to my kids well enough that the party was going to have a lot of special needs kids and they needed to be aware that those kids can't function like normal kids do. I was also called out for not teaching empathy and compassion. When I tried to defend myself saying that I really didn't put it all together that there would be kids with that kind of need there, I was called ignorant for taking things at face value.   &#x200B;  This is a parent who's trusted me to watch both her kids multiple times, and who's expressed that she was impressed that her special child is so comfortable around us. I've cared for those kids like they were my own. Now I'm completely shut out of the relationship and being told that I'll never understand. I'm seriously saddened by all this and wondering if I am really that dense, and what I can do to improve. Also AITA?
e8kend	This originated about two or three months ago, or whenever that “kissing your homies goodnight” meme was popular. My friends and I would always joke about it, and we thought it was funny, so whenever we would hang out, we started kissing each other goodbye. Just a short peck, nothing serious or anything. It became sort of a tradition at the end of every hang out, and we kept doing it even after the meme died because we still thought it was funny. Yesterday, I brought my girlfriend to hang out with us since she had never met these friends before. We all went to dinner, talked, and went back to one of my friend’s houses to watch TV. When it was time to leave, I kissed the homies, as is custom, and said goodbye. My girlfriend was not pleased. I had told her that we did it before, but she had assumed I wasn’t serious and was just referencing the meme. It escalated slightly, but I really don’t think it’s that bad. I equate it to kissing a family member, but she thinks it’s really weird. None of us are actually gay, and there is no attraction involved whatsoever. It might be a matter of personal opinion, but AITA?  edit: yes it was on the lips, and none of us are gay/bi
e8kdge	My older brother is a controlling manipulative asshole who still lives with our parents because he's too lazy to get a real fucking job and is mommies little angel. He has told me that he likes to "jerk off to you while you sleep" just because I told him not to feed the dog people food. And then continued to harass me for MONTHS by making perverted comments about women (and even a little girl) on the TV, getting up in my personal space, starring at me, and (because he used to sleep right above me until a few weeks ago) would keep his LOUD ASS heater on all day and night through the fall, winter, spring AND SUMMER just to fuck with me and keep me awake. Oh yeah, did I mention that he's 24 and I'm 15???  He has never ONCE apologized and still to this day plays the victim. I have 0 intentions on getting him a Christmas present with my hard earned money. My mother says that I'm being mean. AITA?
e8kday	So i can't tell if my anger is valid or not and i need some help. I have bad trust issues and can't tell if these feelings are reasonable even without the trust issues.  My partner last night told me she was out drinking, and would be home not to late so that she wouldn't be tired for seeing me today.  So this morning i heard nothing from her until 9am (we are meant to see each other at 10am), where she proceeds to tell me she had sleep over at her friends house, got blackout drunk and had sleep with her 2 friends in the same bed (they are both guys, but apparently "definitely gay"). so our plans for today are ruined by a decision she made knowing last night (even whilst she was drinking) that she would be seeing me today, she also slept in the same bed as 2 other guys.
e8kc2x	Basically I am going to try to make a long story short. I think that my friends are being jerks in a certain scenario, and want to post on r/advice with an alt account, to ask what I should do. Issue is that I am worried that I would be a jerk, for posting about them, even though I will keep there info private. Would I be the jerk for posting
e8kah5	Our oldest son is turning 12 years old. His birthday is coming up and we are taking him to an activity place this weekend for laser tag, go karts, etc. We told our son to select two friends. We contacted the parents a couple weeks ago and it was good to go.  Everything was fine until my wife gets a message from one of the moms telling us to invite two more kids or her kid won’t go. She said the other two kids are part of their circle of friends because and her son feels bad that everyone wasn’t included.  My wife was going to flip out but I calmed her down before responding. We told the mom that our son was allowed to invite two kids and we would not be able to accommodate more. The mom then replies her kid isn’t going.  AITA?  EDIT - My wife saw on Facebook that this kid's bday was exactly a month ago. The photos his mom posted show only ONE friend was there (one of the two she wants us to include). Confirmed with my son that only one of their friends was invited.  UPDATE -  With the weekend fast approaching, we gave our son an option - he can last-minute invite another friend or we can take the money we would have spent on the second kid and spend it on him and the remaining invited friend. He went with the latter.  We are all upset about this situation but it will work out in the end. We'll make sure our son and his friend will have a lot of fun.   We appreciate all of the responses, thank you.
e8k85v	My boyfriend and I have been together for many years. I've been pretty steadily employed full-time since graduating college in 2012. For him it hasn't been as easy. He dropped out of college and has struggled to fine any kind of employment ever since. In this time he lived on welfare and has no extra spending money.   I understand he had a really hard time finding anything and tried to be supportive. When ever we'd go out as a couple or do things a friends, it was pretty much always on me to pay. I even twice paid for him to come on trips with me to the states (we're from Canada) to see live shows from groups we were a fans of.  This August he finally found full-time work doing the night-shift as a security guard. He's even being doing some overtime and finally got some money and started saving, got himself a PS4 and a bunch of other things he couldn't afford before.  Since he doesn't drive and the bus system where we live kinda sucks, I offered to take him to and from work. He pays me a bit for the gas. It's about a 15-20min drive one way, but it would be hour by bus, so this allows him to sleep a little longer as well since I understand doing 12 hours shifts is a long day.   Every time I drive him he gets me to stop at the Tim Horton's Drive-thru so he can get a tea. After the first few days of doing this I got kind of annoyed that he didn't offer to get me anything. I mean, If I made someone stop at a coffee shop for them, I'd offer to get them something, idk just seems rude not to, to me. I told him as much and he said "I thought you'd assume i'd get you something if you wanted it. If you want something just order it".  After that day he was better about offering to get me something, and most of the time I just declined anyway.   Then comes 3 days ago when I picked him up from work. We needed to stop at the bank on the way home so we also stopped at Tim Horton's and he got us both a tea then. Later when I had to drive him back to work that night, he wanted to stop for tea again and I said I'd like another one as well.  Then he said "I already got you a tea today. I can't keep buying you teas"    I couldn't believe he said that. After years of me having to pay for almost everything. Having to drive us everywhere. Paying for things so we can still have fun while he was struggling financially, he's going to say no to buying me two drinks in one day. I saw red.  He started back peddling and saying he was just surprised I wanted two teas in one day (???) and that I'm over reacting over a tea and he'll get me one if it's such a big deal. It really wasn't about the tea though, it's the fact he apparently is not willing to appreciate or reciprocate things I've been doing for years in the relationship.  And like, I can't even imagine not getting him something so simple he asked for it. I can think of times where I maybe became annoyed about paying all the time, but flat out deny him something? Nope.  Dropped him off and told him to find his own way home from work.  I am overreacting and AITA?
e8k04j	So recently I just finished working at an orchard. For 7-8 hours I had to put huge pumpkins in a cart and haul them off to peoples cars and help put them in, if they gave us a tip, we were supposed to say no, so I did. The orchard also has fun activities like a corn maze, painting pumpkins etc, for familys who come down. There was also a bunch of food stands where on our lunch break we could go to one of the stands and buy something. But on to the part where I'm questioning if Im an asshole. So this kid asked when his break was (our breaks changed daily), then said something like "Crap, I don't have money". No I am a person who feels bad for everyone and anyone. Someone could shit in my soup and then get a scratch and I'd feel horrible for them. But he said he doesn't have money, so me being me gave him all my lunch money ($10). I didn't eat lunch and I came home with a migraine from not eating enough or whatever. My parents asked if I ate lunch and I told them no and said this one kid didn't have money so I gave him my money. They were super pisseoff at me and I felt like shit for doing what I thought was nice. So I'm questioning if I'm the asshole for giving the kid my lunch money?
e8jzvp	My friend (15F) likes to post quirky pictures of her friends on her private Instagram account. I follow this account along with about 30 other people, so it's a pretty small audience. She is a nice person at heart but sometimes can have an appreciation for dark humor (think "unplugging my grandpa's life support to charge my phone" kind of jokes).  Today she posted a Snapchat of her friend doing a dramatic evil face. Around it, she had drawn upside down crucifixes, pentagrams.. and swastikas.  It seemed like she had just tried to think of a way to be funny by drawing as many "evil" things as she could think of. But this post hit me very seriously because I'm Jewish. My grandmother had to flee her home at the age of three, hiding on a boat as Nazi planes bombed from above. She's lucky to have survived the Holocaust, and millions did not.  Seeing someone casually draw anti-Semitic hate symbols to be funny really makes me reconsider my friendship with her. She is making light of one of the worst genocides in history, one that impacted my family.  However, I know that she doesn't mean it seriously at all. Politically, she identifies as liberal Democratic. She just sees it as edgy humor. And we're partners for a project due for finals, so I can't really start a conflict now.  Would I be overreacting if I ended our friendship? Am I wrong to not say anything, as a Jewish girl? What should I do?
e8juca	Weird title, sorry.  So here is the deal : I took a year off schooll to travel with one of my friends. We came back in mid October, 2 months earlier than we thought. So I was back home without school or job. Well I have a job but its seasonal, which means that they only need me May trough early October. A months after coming back, my father talked to me about how important it is to not waste the time that I took off school by only playing video games until my work starts, which I 100% agree. The choices were simple. I either leave to see the world ( really important in my family) or find work to make a bit of cash and I also have to learn a new language. I am a bit short on money so I took the job option. After browsing online for jobs, I found one that I would be good at and that I would also like, but the sad part is that they are searching for a permanent employee. One that will work there the whole year and for a lot of years. I have 3 years of experience in that domain and I know I would do the job fine. I juste feel bad about staying 3-4 months and then leave for my seasonal job or london. So would I be the asshole if I took the job knowing that they are looking for a long term employee?
e8jrwq	Boyfriend and I have been together for going on 4 years and we share a 6 month old boy.   As a kid our Christmas time was almost non existant with my family. It was always bare minimum, and my mother always treated it like it was an eye rolls. Same goes for my boyfriend and his family. So because of that now that I'm an adult and can afford to go all out, I try my best to -- even so now that I have my own kiddo (and yes I know that he won't remember any of it but I still want to get the traditions ball rolling and create memories). Que tonight: We bought a tree, ornament, and a star. Our very first family tree! My boyfriend paid for it and I paid for ornaments, the hooks, and the personal ornaments for us as a family.   Now we live with my dad as we're slowly but surely saving up to buy our own house. My dad also has a tree thats smaller and older and wanted to know where we were putting everything at. Boyfriend says that he wants our tree downstairs, older tree upstairs. I tell my dad that and then he suggests the other way around since nobody really is ever downstairs -- that way the flashier tree gets seen by all. Boyfriends doesn't like that and says no so I relayed that back to my dad (which ultimately he didnt care). My boyfriend then got upset that I told my dad about the placement of the trees (?) and claimed that he never said that he wanted our tree downstairs (which again, he did). We go back and forth and then he hits me with the "You know I didn't have to get this tree you know?". That made me upset because he has a habit of saying that and throwing back what he did in my face. Once he paid for my car payment and he said that. He's done a really nice gestures but once we disgree on something or whatever then it's "You know I didnt have to do this right?". It makes me feel like he holds what he did over my head. I don't feel good about that at all. We've even had conversations about it before where he has apologized, said he didn't mean it and it wont happen again. But it sometimes does. Because of that I am hesitant to ask for help or anything from him.   I try to tell him that I dont like what he said and how it makes me feel but he just thinks that Im upset about  the tree placement or that Im somehow not getting my way. I stand my ground and continue and then he says that he doesn't "know what happened in my life to make me like this" says that Im selfish and that its jot all about me and says that getting the tree was a waste and questions why he even did it in the first place. Now that I've cooled off writing this, I wonder if I was the asshole for freaking out over a comment that hurt my feelings and if it was just something to ignore and move past on.   AITA?   tl;dr -- boyfriend said a comment to me, I got upset and now Im wondering if I overreacted.
e8jqo9	Every year I make my grandma a calendar with photos of the entire family (her 5 living children, 5 children-in-law, 16 grandchildren, 12 grandchildren-in-law, and 31 great-grandchildren). I try to represent everyone equally and use recent pictures. I asked my cousin (36M) for photos last year and he sent me a selfie with a clown Snapchat filter. I thought it was funny and put it in the calendar as it was only photo I had of him. I just found out his mom was really upset about it. For reference, this cousin has history of not holding down jobs and may be considered kind of the loser of my generation, so if I had put the clown filter on him I could see how it would be poor taste, but he had added the filter. AITA for using the only photo I had of him?
e8jndq	English is not my first language, so sorry beforehand if something sounds weird.  Me \[M/37\] and my 7 years old boyfriend \[M/39\] have been fighting heavily over the money I give my mom \[F/67\] for her to live her life. I make 300K a year, and I give her 1/3 of it every year.  Growing up I had no friends, like literally 0. People always disliked me for being the nerd of the class. During college my social skills were so shitty that I spent most of those years learning how to communicate with people, and I got my first few friends when I was almost out of college. I've been half of my life totally alone.  The only person that's always been there for me is my mom (not even my dad since he disappeared when I was 10). When I landed a job, I always gave my mom 1/3 of what I earned. I want her to have an easy life, since all of my life she always gave everything she had for me to have everything I needed and honestly I wouldn't be this "successful" if it wasn't for her. She's the only support I ever had so I think she deserves it.  My boyfriends makes around 90K a year, if that matters. We were planning to get married, but he want's me to stop giving my mom money. He says that if we get married, we will have to start living as a couple and he is not comfortable with me giving my mom almost as much as he makes. I don't want to stop doing it though. I mean, my mom is 67 years old, maybe tomorrow could be her last day in this world and I want her to live as comfortably as possible for always believing in me.Last thing my boyfriend said is that he is not going to marry a selfish person like me who is not willing to consider the opinions of his partner. Life is a mess right now. AITA?     EDIT with some additional info:   \- I'm from Latin America, but I moved to USA after landing a good job opportunity when I was 28 years old. Been living here ever since. My boyfriend is american.   \- My mom still lives in Latin America. To be honest she didn't want to accept any of my money, but I convinced her to accept it. She gives some of the money to the rest of the family who are struggling and aren´t as lucky as we are and I'm fine with it.
e8jgv1	I’ve been living with my new roommate since July of this year. In general things have been going well between us and we’ve gotten along fairly well. One of the only things that really bothers me is that my roommate insists on keeping his phone on ring whenever he’s home.   When we’re both home I hear his phone go off every few minutes - text here, email there, maybe a twitter notification - it’s unbelievably annoyingly. I’ve asked him to put it on silent/vibrate more than once and he’s always surprised that it bothers me that much. So now I only ask him to silence it when we watch movies even though I can hear his phone make noises all night throughout our tiny apartment. AITA for asking him to simply keep his phone silent when I’m around?
e8jgkv	As always the title sounds terrible but hear me out... My boyfriends cousin stayed with us for a few months with the understanding that he paid $400 in rent. He only paid us $50 in November and has been staying at friends. He hasn’t been to our house in over a month.   His room is absolutely filthy, we are talking food and trash all over the floor, bed, etc. the room is furnished with all of my own furniture.   We have contacted him over 5 times saying it was fine if he wasn’t staying here anymore and to not worry about rent. All that we asked is that he come clean up the room to how clean it was when he more in (read very clean). We even said he could store his stuff if it was organized neatly under the bed until he actually finds a new place.   He has said he is going to come clean but still hasn’t weeks later. It is now mid December and I have told my boyfriend that tomorrow I am going to scrub the room and throw all of his stuff away. I feel like we have given him so many chances and the disgusting way he left the room in our house is super disrespectful to me. So would I be the asshole if I cleaned the room and just threw all his stuff away?
e8jdgm	I’m 24 and I have had therapy for a long time now. I moved back home from uni and noticed I felt low and down a lot so booked myself into counselling nearby.   Sadly the counsellor I had, felt a bit kind of sharp when I discussed some of my issues kind of interrogating me was how it felt. In the end I decided to call the manager of the place to discuss this, her words were because it’s private counselling we want you to make the most of the money you pay therefore we interrogate you more so you don’t need to receive counselling any longer than necessary and we can get you in and out? I was baffled by this as counselling can be a long term for many and I would need a long term therapist   Then my counsellor text me on my last session to cancel, it was only a few hours in advance and I was kinda relying on that session. So I said oh please could we rearrange when you’re next back and I understand that people have personal lives so something could’ve cropped up suddenly so she needed to excuse herself, but that was a week ago and I only just heard back from her today to say she now only has 11-1 sessions? Which I mean considering I work full time I could never do, this got me feeling like I should seek a new therapist and I mentioned I may have to look elsewhere seeing as that wouldn’t work for my schedule   Was I TA here in the way I put this and the fact I think I need a new therapist
e8jclz	Tldr at the bottom  So basically a friend of mine had this awful boyfriend who treated her like shit, i mean literally he would tell her things like "you disgust me"   anyways about a month ago i went with the girl to have lunch at her place, nothing else, we are fucking friends we just ate some fucking pasta.   So it seems like somebody told her shitty boyfriend i fucked her that day, and that caused the dude to get super mad, and because he chose to believe some other asshole instead of her girlfriend, they broke up.   Well now my friend who is having an awful time dealing with how much he hurt her, has asked me to please send him a text explaining that nothing really happened.  Personally i dont think its a good idea i mean, whats going to change anyways? Hes an asshole, he didnt believe her words...so i dont think he will listen mine. Its their business in my opinion, and i shouldn't get involved.   WIBTA If i dont talk to the dude?  Tl;dr: friends shitty exboyfriend believes she cheated on him with me, didnt happen at all, friend wants me to clear things with the dude. I dont think is a good idea since he wont listen me (he didnt even listen to her)
e8jcah	Here's the sketch: I work at a restaurant as a server. Okay job. Just doing it until I start my internship. So at my job there's a cook (uh, how about we call him Steve) Steve is a pretty nice guy, someone I've found easy to talk to. We share a lot of interests. I've been dating my boyfriend for 1 year now and I talk about him a lot with coworkers, especially Steve. Somehow it gets around Steve has a crush on me (he's never said anything to me), coworkers who know my boyfriend tell him, everything gets messy. My boyfriend has been wanting me to quit despite me kind of liking my job. It's put a strain on our relationship. I also have wondered if it's just a rumor (small work staff, it gets boring sometimes). Well we have our Christmas Party which involved a secret santa with the whole staff. I get some awesome aloe infused footies, a few boxes of candy and watercolor paint set (I LOVE watercolors) Low and behold Steve picked my name and the gifts were from him. My boyfriend is super pissed I didn't give them back or throw them out. We got into a fight about it so I gotta know AITA?
e8j8mn	There's a common virus in the UK called the winter vomiting bug and it's pretty self-explanatory. For the past few days, people are being hit with it and it just causes bouts of puking. I had it ten years ago and its horrendous.  But my workplace have this group chat and one of my co-workers was asking people if they can cover her shift because she's been vomiting the past few hours. Somebody was willing to but she changed her mind and said that she'll come in anyway as "she's feeling fine now" and "will get some sleep." That means that tomorrow when I arrive to work, she'll be there still sick most likely because these things don't usually clear up that fast and it is recommended that you stay off work for two days even after the symptoms are gone  This has a happened a few times and it always really pisses me off. I never really contribute in the chat, but I joined in and said that she shouldn't be coming in at all and she insisted. I said that it's a bit selfish because I could get infected with whatever she's got and I was actually kicked from the chat and I was being an asshole for calling her selfish (I didn't actually say she was a selfish person, I said what she was doing was selfish.)  Was I the asshole?
e8j8ab	So my husband and his father don’t have a great relationship to begin with. His father needs anger management and doesn’t get it, and his mom abandoned him so my husband was stuck with him. His brother is a high school drop out drug addict.  When my husband and his father talk it frequently devolves into screaming, even when there isn’t something wrong. Because of this they don’t talk real often. Since my husband moved out his brother has been basically unheard from, except when he went groveling back to his dad for drug money.   At some point before I met my husband, his brother trashed my husband’s house stealing shit for drug money. Since then my husband had been unwilling to talk to him.  This recently has been causing arguments. His father is reaching out to him because supposedly his brother is trying to get clean and apologize but my husband is having none of it. This has led to numerous screaming matches over the phone with his father.   Last week I tried to talk to him about it but he wouldn’t listen. This is the only thing he won’t even hear me about.  Yesterday there was another shouting match and I finally snapped listening to this every week and took the phone from him and told his father not to call again unless something productive was going to happen.  My husband then screamed at me for the first time and said that his relationship with his family is his business and when it came to his father I was to “sit down and shut up”  We haven’t really been talking today. But I’m just sick of the yelling, I’d let it go on long enough. AITA?
e8j4q4	So,   My friend, Angel, was looking for a job while they waited to go back to school. My mom is a district manager for a restaurant food chain, and hired her in the spot at one of her stores since they knew each other also.   Angel recently texted me saying she got a new job at a hospital, and that she was offered full time, i congratulated her, but told her to make sure she put in a 2 weeks notice AND get any shifts she has covered.   Well, she didn’t do either of those things, and stopped showing up to work, because of that, my mom had to work all day on her day off. When i texted her and asked her why she didn’t show up, she never responded to me.   TBH this is kind of the straw that broke the canals back, as she never really made an effort to hang out with me/talk to me unless she needed something. So i just blocked her on social media.   AITA for this? A few of my friends said I’m kind of being dramatic for doing this, and should give her a 2nd chance
e8j3mh	My husband and I have been together 7 years. He smoked before we met but quit. Since then, he has picked it back up and quit a dozen times. He's done Chantix before and did great with it but started smoking again when school became really stressful (he's a student currently).  Smoking is a deal breaker item for me and he's known that since we were dating. Aside from the obvious health risks, it smells just utterly abhorrent to me. It's not just his breath - it gets in his clothes, his hair, his fingertips, etc. All I can smell is cigarettes. It also costs a fuck ton of money as he's usually a pack-a-day smoker.  In a few days, we are leaving on a cross-country trip and are driving my brand-new car since its nicer and has AWD (we will be in snowy places), and his car does not. I told him MONTHS ago that he was not allowed to smoke in my car and that I didn't even want him smoking at gas stops because he will still smell like an ashtray when he gets back in and stink up my new car. He agreed to this. I kept prodding him to call the doctor and get back on Chantix as that seemed to work the best. He finally got a new prescription for it a little over a week ago.  Tonight, I asked him how he was doing with it and if he was going to be good for the trip. He indicated that he's not gonna smoke in my car but that he intends to smoke on the trip still, including when we stop for gas or when we visit family who smokes.  At this, I put my foot down and held hard to the "my car, my rules" thing. He thinks I am being firm just to be stubborn or mean, but I really mean it. I do NOT want my BRAND NEW CAR to stink like nasty cigarettes. We're gonna be driving every day for a week. He keeps saying it won't stink up the car, but he's gone nose-deaf to how he smells after smoking.  So, Reddit, AITA? I understand it's extremely hard to quit smoking but I feel like I've given him plenty of notice on what was expected of him and am only holding him to it. But I still feel kind of bad about it because I am not a smoker and have never had to go thru this.... maybe I am being too insensitive???
e8j22t	I’m going to start this by saying I’m not a picky eater. I have a short list of 10 or so things I don’t eat if they are prepared a certain way, raw onion and beef taco meat are two of those things. This is widely known in my family. Tonight my mom wanted Taco Bell for dinner and made me go with her to order carry out. She decided to get two party packs (20 items). 2 important things: 1 you can only get beef tacos in the party packs no substations, 2 Taco Bell puts raw onion on their burritos and they are very tiny so there is no way to scrape them off. She knows all of this. So she ordered one box all tacos and the other half taco, half burrito. Presumably the burritos are for me. So I asked her if she could ask them to leave the onion off the burritos, she said no because she wanted to “keep it simple”. So now we are at home and she is upset because I’m not eating the tacos or the burritos and “wasting food” even though I have already given them to my brother and dad, who will eat at least some of them. Am I The Asshole?  ****I did go and peacefully make myself an alternate dinner which is what set my mom off on being upset. Even though the food I made was stuff I purchased, prepared and cleaned up after, myself.  ****For everyone saying I’m a picky eater. I don’t think I am, everyone has a few things that they don’t like to eat or can’t eat. I will try anything once and have a long list of foods other people would not even be willing to try (some of the weirder ones that come to mind are Stir-fried crickets and sashimi style octopus). Raw onion upsets my stomach something fierce, and is not an uncommon thing, but I absolutely love cooked onion. Beef Taco meat is a weird one I’ll give you that, I love beef and I love the spice mix that goes into taco seasoning but for some reason the combination just doesn’t sit right with me.
e8iyuv	I'm 25, she's 22. We both live at our parents. We're very close but her family is pretty dysfunctional to say it simply. On top of that she doesn't have many friends and I'm the one she comes to for support.  Of course I'm leaving out a few details for length sake (happy to answer any questions) but basically what happened is that her mother is a selfish, uncaring person. My girlfriends little brother recently stopped talking to her and now he's being extremely rude to his mother. My girlfriend is very angry this but I basically told her to just let it go. This is the result of your mom's shitty parenting coming back at her. We both know how shitty her mom is and I've consoled her many times in the past about things she's done to her. My girlfriend for some reason still continues to have so much sympathy for her.  I have ALWAYS been there for my girlfriend and gone way over above for her as she does for me. But to be honest sometimes I get overwhelmed when I keep getting complaints and rants, stories etc. I try my best but sometimes I need to take a break as it's almost daily and emotionally draining. She wanted to come over for some support but I said no (in addition to what I said to her above). I worked 6 days straight and I want to enjoy my only 2 days off relaxing. I go back to work tomorrow and part of my day includes vaping Cannabis which she HATES the smell of. Whenever she comes over I need to stop it especially for her. I also think that this is an issue that is relatively minor and can be dealt with by herself this time
e8iycb	Hello,  Background - me and my finacee have been renting a shithole while we saved up to buy a house. We finally found a new construction 3 bedroom house (one master, two other rooms for my office and her makeup room) that will be available in 4 months. It will be only my name since her credit is bad.  Issue - so my fiancee's mom is telling her we need to let her brother move in becuase he is having a hard time on his own and my finacee obviously wants to help her brother. He was fine becuase him and his other brother were splitting the rent where they are now but his brother dipped on him. He would be paying some amount of rent if he did stay. He also has a dog and so do we.  WIBTA if I didnt let him stay with us? The extra money would help but I kinda want my privacy.  Edit- the current MIL cant take him in becuase she lives in a diffrent state and they can barely make rent either. All of us in this story are not by any means even making it middle class. The only reason we can afford the new house is becuase I have been saving for 8 years for it.
e8iw9s	So my roommate and friend has these anger outbursts where he will throw things, punch walls, yell at people, etc. They are sometimes completely unprovoked and random, and other times triggered by certain things.  I have a group of friends I go to music festivals with and I told him I don't think it'd be a good idea for him to come to a particular festival next year for a variety of reasons: late nights and lack of sleep, possible drug use, a new environment, a whole group of new people that he doesn't know (all of these things can and possibly would trigger his outbursts and potentially ruin the time for the rest of the group). I feel like a complete asshole telling him this because I know he feels left out but I don't know what else to do.  Obviously he didn't take it well. Haven't really talked in a few days other than some strongly worded text messages.  &#x200B;  TL;DR: Roommate wants to come to music fest, told him he can't because of intense anger issues
e8iw3i	I am a very superstitious person and have always been a superstitious person. I have been in a relationship for the past 7 years and within the next 3 years my boyfriend and I are going to be taking the next step which is engagement, we are in the middle of trying to sort out finances and stuff as we are only 22 but have been together since we were 15 but we believe 25 is a good age to get engaged.   However exciting an engagement is I have always dreaded it as when I was younger my grandmother would ask to try on any of my jewellery I got even when I said no and sometimes would make me out to be the bad guy for saying no. My granny is a negative person and always has been. She tried on my uncle's ex-wife's engagement ring and I even remember saying how I would never let anyone try on my ring. On my uncles wedding my granny had a nose bleed and everyone was focused on her rather than getting wedding pictures were taken and in the end, my uncle chose his family over his wife which I have heard that someone with ill intention trying on your engagement ring will steal the joy from your wedding and also steal your husband and I 100% believe she did this.   I am dreading her asking me to try on my ring when the time comes because I have literally threw hints out over the years and she will make it all about herself and say something like 'Alright then I wasn't going to steal it' or snapping at me about 'Suit yourself, it's only a ring' she will try and make me sound crazy when I just don't want her to try it on but I don't want her to make me out to be the bad guy. If I wouldn't let her wear my wedding dress why would I want her to wear my engagement or wedding ring? I am also dreading my wedding as my dad's family will be attending but there is sour blood between them since my dad reached out 5 years ago after my mum's passing.   I am trying to find the best possible way to tell her no without causing sadness over my engagement, I know it is 3 years away or even sooner but I have been dreading my engagement for fear of me being embarrassed by saying no after years of her knowing I don't want someone to try it on only for her to behave I never said that and that I am crazy. I know it is only a ring and stuff but as I said I am very superstitious and I believe she has ill intentions towards us as for years she keeps bringing up about how my boyfriend is going to cheat on me or dump me. Am I the asshole if I say no?
e8iu3t	I (17m) made a previous post some time ago, but to sum up my brother (26m) does some stupid shit that often bites me in the ass. I’m often the victim for his consistent stupidity, such as him destroying my wallet and our shared bunk-bed claiming I stole $100 from him when the money was in a pocket in his jacket. He hasn’t payed me back, but this incident that recently happened pissed me off so much. Basically last Saturday I was playing some video games when he came home wanting to watch TV, so I turned off my console to let him, normal right? Well as soon as I ask “What channel?”, he gets physical for no reason, that fight ended with me and a hard bruise to the leg. Anyway, my mother finds out, separates the both of us asks what happens, then my brother lies saying “A-Rookie threw his PS4 controller in my face.” I know this sounds like a shitpost but I’m not trying to make one, my mother actually fell for the lie and then tells our dad and suddenly I’m the bad guy. If my sisters didn’t verify that he was lying, I would’ve been grounded for no reason. I’ll write up another few incidents in the comments because I don’t have space to write more but this is the WORST one and after that, my brother acts like nothing fucking happened. Literally he starts asking for food as if he didn’t try to give a literal bird to me and I’m ready to just act like he ain’t family to me because now I he isn’t to me. Again look in the comments for other incidents but AITA?
e8iteh	My mother is 51 taking care of 3 kids. 2, 6 and 13. the 2 and 6 year old are my sisters kids, 13 is her 6th child  Will I be the Asshole if I pay for tires, an alignment and an oil change for my mothers car as a X-Mas gift instead of buying her what she wants  The car is a 93 Ford Crown Victoria with about 600k miles on it. Needed tires for a good year now. The fronts are now showing cords and rears are dry rotted and she just says she cant afford new tires. The oil also hasnt been changed in 2 years(Burns oil pretty good so it sees a quart every week. We live in western Idaho and do get snow. I have brought it up several times to her and its always the same BS excuses.  I try to explain she's gonna lose that car if she doesnt maintain it properly. She absolutely love this car and dont get me wrong, its a very rare purple color (for the year) and relatively good shape minus tires and some small shit.  She has missed doctor appointments for the kids due to not being able to leave her driveway with just a dusting of snow on the ground. I end up having to take her and the kids when i have time, to town for doc visits and food.  She lives in a small town of around 600 people, placed between two small cities of around 26k people each. She has two options for doc and stores. Drive north for 16 miles while having to tackle an 11% grade, or drive 13 miles south through a fairly flat but very windy road.  My wife and  I both drive really well cared for cars on dedicated winters. I do all the work myself.  She wants a $800 ring with the birth stones of all 6 of us kids.. I want to replace the stuff the car needs for their safety and complete service to insure she can get a few more years out of it.. She says fixing safety items isnt a gift.
e8irgi	My girlfriend and I are in a heated discussion regarding her treatment of me when she is hormonal. Lately, she has switched to being on the pill, which has resulted in a noticeable change in how she treats me when she is pmsing or hormonal. Mainly, she has admitted in her own words that she can act "bitchy" when shes hormonal. She yells at me, swears at me, everything I do is wrong or annoying, and I can't do anything right. I feel like I'm walking on egg shells because anything I say or do can be completely misconstrued into a different meaning that hurts or upsets her. I told her I won't stand to be treated this way anymore. I told her I understand you're hormonal. But you could try make an effort to treat me better and be nicer. No matter how you feel or what is going on, you should always treat your partner with love and respect that they deserve. And at the end of the day, hormones influence how you feel but they don't make you DO anything.   She did not take kindly to those words. Her defense is that hormones DO control what you do. She can't control what she does when she feels that way and it's wrong of me to ask her to act a certain way when she's hormonal. In fact, in her own words, asking her to treat me nicer and to try and control how she acts is "the most fucked up things one person could say to another person". She was probably hormonal when she said that, but it was said. Anyways, she makes the claim that hormones control what she does and that I have to be expected to be patient with her and understanding.   I have tried being patient. Whenever I say or do something "wrong" that she takes the wrong way, I make the effort to both re clarify what was meant to be said and my intentions and I apologize for not being clearer. But usually, feelings are already hurt at this point and she is still upset even after I re clarify and apologize. I don't know what else I can do from here and when she continues to attack me for my one mistake, I end up snapping and attacking back which is wrong on my part. I try to point out where she made a mistake in how she read my comment or mistook my actions for something else, but she feels like I'm just blaming everything on her and turning it on her. However, over 90% of the fights start with her being mad over something I did and me defending myself so it's hard not to feel attacked all the time.   In summary, I argue that hormones influence your emotions, but they don't make you do anything. If you have an sort of self-control, you can realize that maybe you are a bit hormonal and to dial back your response and treat your partner in an appropriate manner, no matter what you might be feeling.  She argues that hormones essentially make you say and do things and you have no control over it anymore. Asking a women that is hormonal to try and control what she says and does is very assholeish and unreasonable. Instead, the male partner must instead take nothing to heart and blame it on the hormones and instead be quiet, patient, and understanding.  Now as a guy, I realize maybe I'm coming from a biased perspective. However, I believe that every person is well within their power to control how they behave and not act on every little impulse that comes their way because they may be hormonal.
e8inhl	Hey fellow Redditors  First of all excuse all the grammar/language mistakes i'll make. Tbh i'm drunk and upset af.  Today I came home frome the christmas party of my work. Everything was fine untill I opened the fridge an wanted to grab some Noodles i cooked for myself yesterday evening. They didnt exist anymore. My brother took them and ate them as if they were his own. (INFO: Me and my brother live together in the same apartment right below my parents, in their house)  My drunk ass was getting more and more upset as more I realized the situation. My bitch ass brother took my own paid and cooked food as it was his own (for further clarification: it wasnt just a bunch of noodles, but cooked with herbs and meat and so on...still some kind of basic food but nothing you'd make in 5 minutes).  I really was pissed off as it wasn't the first time he didn't ask for my permission to eat/drink my stuff (for example sharing MY beer with his friends etc.)  As i have already experienced "supression" (don't know any better word for that) like being forced to do the dishes every day or throw away the trash even as it was first meant as "helping out in the house" for several years, I just lost my mind today by my brother disrsespecting MY OWN property/food.  Am I the asshole or judt over reacting? (I was crying and shouting into my bedsheets and felt pretty fucking bad)  EDIT: Info; We dont usually share food as I usually eat at university and cooking for myself is the exception  I'm working besides studying and earning my own money. Everything is paid by myself.  I already felt bad as i was living with my parents. Thls post is not about the food but taking away MY OWN belongings, which i spent money and time on. I always felt like my parents were treating me as a "servant". I had to vacuum clean the house, care for our dogs, clean the dishes after school and so on. I moved our this year as soon as university begun
e8inab	I moved out of the house on January 23rd, 2019. After multiple invites I have yet to show my parents imy home. I am a musician and an actor who has had more than a few FREE shows in the city we live in, I did not see them at any. The strange thing is that I love my parents to death. I make it a point to regularly see them. This emotional break down has come after I lost my car key on the day I was going to go visit them. I have been busy rehearsing for my play that debuted (sp) over the weekend. I am back to going to the 8:30 am -5 pm and having nothing to do afterwards, so this was the day to go eat a meal with them and catch them up on my life.   I’ve seen my dad cruising through my area over the summer and my mom has stopped by to pick up weed multiple times. Neither of them have come up to my apartment after multiple invites. Neither of them came to my show that was free! I am confused and I think that maybe I am an asshole who thinks the world revolves around him. If this is true please let me know, I am willing to accept it. I am crying right now because I am so heartbroken.
e8imt5	I was talking to my grandmother earlier on about my student finance coming in and how I am still waiting on it to be processed after she asked about it. She asked about who I am buying Christmas presents for, I said I don't know yet but I am not buying, for example, anyone that got me something when I was 5 and never saw them again anything. She asked me was I going to get the aunt and uncle I hate anything to which I said I don't know, she then asked about my boyfriends family and I said yes as they get me something every year and that I have to do the same, The way I was thinking of it is family is more understanding of situations but another outside of family-like my boyfriend's family might have a different mindset to these things and my boyfriend's family is so good to me and have actually spent more on me in 7 years than my godmother aunt has in 22 years. My grandmother was offended and said how my uncles and aunt always get me stuff for Christmas which isn't true but I didn't want her to try and prove me to be a liar only for me to defend myself and it pisses her off. My uncle who I hate never gets me anything but it's not Christmas unless I get him a shower set and socks which my grandmother provided every year until I was able to buy my own Christmas presents for people , now I have to carry on the tradition.  She brought up about my dad's side of the family which I hate talking to her about because I know she doesn't think highly of him because of him leaving my mum when she was pregnant with me,  my dad is only in my life for 5 years now and she made everything awkward at the start with always expecting I would get money and everything and when I didn't that it was strange and how I always get money from him blah blah blah.  I brought up how I am only getting people I can afford presents and how I can't waste all my money on Christmas presents, I am getting £500 and she is getting half of it towards the house so I have £250 to last me until March/April. I know I sound selfish but I should be able to get presents for whoever I want to get them for and I feel like a 12-year-old being told I am rude for making a decision that wasn't hers. AITA? WIBTA?
e8ilu1	My brother and I have a routine to share my computer (since he broke his) on the afternoon I play, on the night he plays.   Today he used it on the afternoon so I Said I'd use it later, I would get it at 5, at the time he was still playing so I let It pass.  I get out of the house for a couple of hours,but after that he's still playing.  I said I was taking it, since he took it on the afternoon, he got pissed and almost yelled at me saying he was still playing and didn't let me take it, so I required to mom and she  said I was right and to take it.  They got out to buy food, but he locked down his room, when they got back mom said we were fighting over a useless thing but still told my brother to give the computer to me and he did (very angry) and just watched me play made fun of me so I would give up.  Now I am rethinking it, Reddit AITA?
e8il7o	My boyfriend and I came to the agreement that he would pay the rent/utilities and I would pay basically everything else. The everything else being: the car payment and car insurance, groceries (breakfast lunch dinner), cleaning supplies, toiletries, decor and home furnishings, pet care, etc. I also do all of the cooking, grocery shopping, and cleaning. My boyfriend makes a lot more money than I do and I work three jobs 6 days per week.  I came home from work to him and his brother watching tv. By the door was two plastic bags full of groceries I bought. Frozen fish, frozen garlic bread, frozen meatballs, etc. I know his brother will be taking them home because this has happened before. I brought it up to my boyfriend that it makes me uncomfortable that he gives away the food I’ve bought without even informing me. His argument was that we throw away a lot of food anyway. Admittedly this can SOMETIMES be true.  Am I the asshole for getting mad that he’s just giving away the food I buy? It’s not even so much him giving it away as it his him not telling me he’s doing it.  Edit: My boyfriend’s brother is the sole provider for his family and they have two small children who I adore. They definitely don’t have a lot of money but I don’t believe they’re destitute. I would be 1000% fine sharing with them. I just would like to be in the loop when we are.   Edit 2: Sadly it is very expensive to rent in the state we live in. Rent alone is about $1,300 per month. Plus add the utilities to that. I want to move. That could be a whole other AITA thread.   Edit 3: There are a few reasons for the imbalance in household chores. In terms of cooking, he usually doesn’t get home from work until 9 pm. I get home around 7 pm. So in the mean time I cook and get chores done. In terms of cleaning, he is the not organized or clean at all. I have since met his parents (mainly his father) and seen how they live and it is similar to his lifestyle. Like literally take your pants off in the middle of the living room and leave them there until it’s laundry day type of lifestyle.
e8il17	Just some quick background- I am a high school student who lives with his mother in a small(ish) college town.  &#x200B;  So this past Sat., there were many college kids who were out late at night, obviously drunk. I spent some time watching them and laughing. I was watching YouTube, when I heard a very loud argument outside. I taped some of the argument with my phone (and posted it [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/e7yj5g/i_call_this_one_drunk_college_kid_rides_mini/)) just to capture a bit of the rather funny ordeal. Then, when the driver in the Mini started to pull away with the man on the hood, I decided to call 911. The cops came as the Mini left, and not much was made of it.   However, when I went downstairs, I told my mother about what just happened. She got rather angry at me for calling the police w/o her consent and told me that it could lead to the destruction of property if the two men found out I called the cops, and a few other things. I apologized, then went to bed. I spoke w/ a few people about the ordeal, and they said that I did the right thing.  Did I?
e8ijte	Facts:I am a relatively clean roommate.I am vegan.  In September, one of the roommates pointed out there was cheese on the toaster oven and "if I want to use it then I should learn to clean it". I pointed out that since it was cheese, I can be safely eliminated, and told her I will clean it after use.  We said nothing more on the matter.  In the time between then and now, I have only used the toaster oven to make toast as we have no toaster, and maybe every other week I would dump the crumbs from the tray into the composting.  I came home from class to a very passive-aggressive note saying “IF YOU WANT TO USE THIS, LEARN TO FUCKING CLEAN IT. WHEN YOU USE THE TRAY, WASH IT, WHEN FOOD TOUCHES THE RACK, WASH IT. IF THERE ARE CRUMBS, DUMP THEM.”  I don’t remember the last time I dumped the crumbs, but in my defence it’s finals and we’re all busy with school work, but I made a mental note to do it either today or tomorrow, whenever I am not exhausted, and I accept responsibility for their being crumbs. She beat me to it because I came home to the rack out and cleaned, as well as the tray out and cleaned, as well as the crumbs in the compost. 100% my bad.  Never used the tray.  But washing the rack after frozen bread touches it, and no one has a gluten allergy? That seems a bit excessive to me. Bread doesn’t leave a residue. Am I the asshole for not washing a rack that bread has touched? Are you supposed to wash the rack when bread touches it? Does that apply to toasters too?     Edit: Just wanna add that the toaster oven is hers, BUT she never clarified that bread constitutes as making the rack dirty, and that is not something I would assume.
e8ifpg	I'll try to make this short and sweet. Throwaway account btw.  Myself and my boyfriend "Dan" want to move out. We currently live with my dad and he's being a complete and total dick the past few weeks. (long story, not relevant). My other friend just recently got a full time job and wants to move closer to the shop, which is understandable.  The thing is, Dan and I are full time students. And the places that "Jimbo" is looking at are very very expensive for students. Easily around 600 a week for 3 bedrooms (for us and 1 other tenant) excluding power, water, Internet, food, etc. This just isn't doable for us. We'll be studying full time on loans and whatever work we'd be able to get would not cover any of this cost.  What makes me think I'd be the assholes is that: A) We've already slagged off Jimbo before when we discussed flatting together because we thought living with my dad was the better deal. He wasnt pleased.   B) He's openly said that if we drop him again, there won't be a third opportunity and our friendship will probably crack a little bit (he's very stubborn and just a little bit narcissistic)  C) I've tried suggesting more reasonably priced places in different areas a short bus ride to both his work and to the University and he was NOT happy. He got very stiff and told me "that defeats the purpose of me living close to work" in a way that makes me feel like he literally scolded me for trying to make the situation easier for everyone. He also said "if you want to go off on your own and live there then that's fine, I'll start looking for places on my own again" in a super condescending way.   He clearly doesn't want to hear any suggestions from me and I'm honestly over it, but I don't really want to destroy our friendship because I promised him that I was dedicated this time. But this just isn't doable without spending every single cent of my bank account on living costs.  WIBTA if I kindly told him to fuck off?
e8iex8	For starters, let me just say that I LOVE my family, and I'm sure that they love me too.  However, on my mom's side they are somewhat homophobic, which I know about personally because one of my cousins said that being gay is wrong and my uncle says negative things about gay people sometimes.   But here's the kicker: I'm LGBT myself, and I know that it might be a bit of a shitstorm when/if I decide to come out of the closet. Due to this, I haven't said anything to them yet and I won't until I become an adult.   Because of their homophobia, I know that they probably won't accept me so I've been thinking about cutting them off when I turn 18. But I've been having second thoughts because I don't want my mother to have to deal with the family drama and she says that they're still my family.   I don't know what to do, and I'm not sure if I'm being the asshole here or not.
e8id66	Will try my best o explain everything, but if you need more info just ask.   My mum has a 4 bedroom home that she moved out of, rent is $300 every two weeks.  She has allowed my boyfriend and I to live in the house until we get our financials together which is perfect for us.   At the moment he is technically visiting, back in October my mum and I came to an agreement that he would only pay $100 every two weeks and then in January when he moved the rest of his stuff down he’ll pay $200 for a total of $400 (she’s making a $100 profit which I don’t mind).   Roughly early November she asked me how I’d feel if one of her friends escaping a DV situation could move in, I said that’s fine it’s your house and we have two spare bedrooms.   She is due to move in this Saturday, to then I get a text from my mum saying “your boyfriend will need to start paying the $200 because his computer is there”. (To clarify he and I pay our own electricity and internet), I was a bit confused and told her “but we had an agreement that he wouldn’t pay that rent until January, and with the new lady moving in you’re already making an extra $200 profit almost $300 in a months time.   The only response I got was “you’d be paying higher rent elsewhere, stop being ungrateful”.  There’s no legal agreement between us so it’s basically a he said/she said  Don’t get me wrong I love my mum, and I’m grateful for the cheap rent as we’d be paying almost double anywhere else. It’s just a kick in the guts when she knows I only lost my job a week ago and really don’t have any money to my name and am desperately looking for more work.   AITA
e8ia7n	AITA for helping someone in need that my girlfriend hates? It was well established that my girlfriend hated this person, though I don't understand why she does with such passion, but I accept it. I knew this person through her, when I thought they were friends, but I guess they never were, idk, we were acquaintances at best, running into each other at concerts or a birthday party and once let her drop her dog off at my house for a day, when my girlfriend and I were not together. While we were broken up I friended this person on FB after meeting her and her boyfriend at a birthday party, later started up things again with my girlfriend and forgot all about it.  Then one day, this hated couple shows up at my house. After an incident with someone they live with they didn't feel safe and had to get out. I'm one of the few they knew that had a house and liked to help people. I wasn't going to let them stay, but I tried directing them to rentals and talked about possible options. That was it, and admittedly pretty weak help. My girlfriend found out, broke everything off, blocked me on everything, and said I have no morals or loyalty. It was an impossible situation, I don't feel sorry for trying to help, but I absolutely hate how much mental anguish it caused my girlfriend, I apologized to her for that, blocked the hated people and wish never to have anymore contact with them. But, I don't think it warrants the end of a relationship and complete silence on her part. Can anyone help me understand her position on this?  MORE INFO: some are asking why she hates this woman, the most I could discern is that she thinks the person is selfish, only uses others, and cheats on people, and she finds that disgusting. I'll take her word on it, but I don't know of any personal interaction between them.
e8i2t8	Here's the info:  Fiance's dad cheated on his mom with a woman at their Church (dad was the pastor, was asked to step down since the news got out). He has yet to actually apologize for ruining a family dynamic, but has worked on rebuilding the relationship with my fiance. My fiance and I got engaged November 2018 and then less than a month later, his dad proposed to his woman (the same woman he had the affair with) and they got married in July 2019. We both felt a bit offended that he couldn't wait and basically stole my fiance's thunder because we obviously plan on forever and neither of them were able to make it work with their previous partners. And it was out of the blue. Fiance's mom has not been dealing with the divorce very well and we're a bit worried about her feelings for who's invited to the wedding as well as my fiance's feelings.   I should note that we've spent time with step mom and her kids but still have some stuff to work through and talk about. The step mom has tried talking to me about wedding stuff and is genuinely really nice but it's just so hard to get past she also cheated on her husband with fiance's dad so it's all around not great. Her daughter is a senior in high school (will be in college by the wedding) and her son is younger but I think still high school age. He has autism I believe and is definitely very vocal but doesn't typically make too much sense. During their wedding in July, he got up and started shouting (not angry) and moving toward them so it interrupted a bit. We haven't really bonded or done much other than sit at the same table with the kids.   So I have two questions if that's allowed!   WIBTA to not invite new step mom?  WIBTA to not invite her children which are technically now step siblings?
e8hz4h	I have been working in a retail job for 3 years now and this would be my 4th Christmas, I recently transferred back home as I now commute to university for my final year.  When I transferred I was under the impression that I was going to be doing around 4-8 hours a week during non peak times and obviously increase a bit over Christmas. However I am currently doing 25-30 hours a week with 3 assignments due and an exam in January, would I be the asshole for asking for less hours and if they are unable to accommodate my hours hand in my 1 week notice?
e8hxz4	A= Long time friend B= A friend for 5 months  (P)= Paraphrased   So recently, A got mad at B because B is the type of person who insults in a joking way. B would often joke that they liked another friend then A (They do this everyone not just A) and A would not understand that fact. After a few times, A got angry and got to straight up walking away and ignoring B.  A is the type of person who could only talk about their problems to get advice but terrible at giving and listening to other about their problems. A is very emotional. They get mad at the people around them including me for little stupid mistakes the person made.   One day, B come up to me and A while we’re talking with another friend (C). C is a new friend I made and A actually likes this one. A walks away with C completely ignoring B and me. (A has been pushing me off while C is around so I ended up staying with B)      B asked me if A was mad. I told B they were. I didn’t think this through but I just thought it was easier if B knew. (Explaining my thought process)  After talking for a while, we tried to find A but they were no where to be found.  B texts A “Why do you keep running away from me? I’m not sure what I did but we can talk this out” (P)  B got slightly mad and got harsher at the end. A reads it leaving B on read. A then texts me. I’m at home at this point.  A “What did you say to B?”  Me “I just said you were mad cause she asked”  A “You know what stop”  A “That’s it”  A “That wasn’t yours to say”  Me “I know it was wrong and I’m sorry. B asked and you two aren’t good enough friends for her to know if your mad or not” (P)  A “No that’s not okay”  A “This isn’t your place and it’s not the first time it happened”   A “That’s bs and the shit you’ve been pulling recently isn’t either”  Me and A haven’t talked in a while. I haven’t been talking to A and have not been talking about A. Maybe cause I told C that A shouldn’t have texted their ex?   A “Now I’m wrapped up into drama in high school because I thought I could trust you”  Me “Stuff I was pulling? B knew and I confirmed. I thought that would be beneficial for both of you. Sorry that I put you there. Sorry (insert anything they put above)” (P)  A “Okay but you didn’t give me a choice of whether or not I wanted to talk about it. You forced me into it and now B is mad.” (P)  Me “B isn’t mad just scared.” (P)  I know I probably shouldn’t post that conversation. Honestly, A does this a lot and I’m really over it. But I’m wondering truly whether or not, Am I the Asshole?  Edit: Probably no one will see this but A just got back to B and said they didn’t run away. A texted me and I again apologized although a lot of you said not to. Being friends with A is hard and difficult cause sometimes you don’t understand what’s wrong with what you said and they will go off. We’ve been friends for so long it just hurts to not. Idk if they’ve been crying or gossiping about me cause they did both with other friends who I’m not sure how to feel about. I felt guilty although a lot of you said I shouldn’t. I’m not sure how to feel about it anymore
e8hw9t	So, as a Brazilian student, you can take one test and apply for most colleges in the country, but you can only pick 2. My dad lives in a quite distant estate (he lives in Goiás, and I live with my mother in Rio de Janeiro) and his dream is that I study near him, in Brasilia.  At first I totally accepted it and was really excited to try going somewhere new, but as time goes by, I thought about it a little bit more. I lived almost my entire life in Rio, all my friends and my closest parents also live here, and I'm not that big of a fan of my dad's parents (I mean, I love them, but I don't feel very comfortable around them, maybe it's the distance, I don't know).  So, I also applied for a college in Rio (he was aware of that and supported me as well, because if I'm not accepted there, I would probably study here), but it's my main focus to get accepted here. And that's the problem, he doesn't know that.   I love my father although all the controversial stuff that he did/does to me and my mom, but I don't want to break his heart by focusing on the other college, neither telling him that.  The results of this test will be announced in January, and I'm really afraid that I get accepted in both, and have to choose one, because I would probably choose the Rio college.  Would I be the asshole if I choose the Rio one instead of the closest to him?
e8hvyp	So for a little backstory I (18 f) met my now ex friend who I'll call Dave (26 m) about seven months ago, everything was fine until his gf (23) of four years broke up with him, he came to me for help and i was there for him.   Nothing was unusual until about two weeks after the break up when he asked me a favor. The favor was to masturbate with him, which I politely declined, and nothing more was said about that until a week later when he asked me again,  I politely declined again, but he kept on asking me and begging me. It then went from him asking me that, to him begging me to leave my bf for him, which i kept telling him no.  I then told my brother what he was doing and showed him screenshots. My brother and my bf tell me call him so that my brother can confront Dave, I finally give in, I call him and give my brother the phone. My brother confronts him for the harassment, I don't like conflict so go outside and let my brother deal with Dave so i don't know what was said on either end. They argued for about 30 minutes, and all is well for like 2 hours.   Then  Dave's ex dms me a bunch a insults and is threatening me. Then an hour later my bf tells me that in their discord server Dave and his ex are leaking my number and my bf's number and that they are threatening to find our addresses.  I do have screenshots if they are needed.  AITA?
e8hs1x	I live across the country from my parents (6.5 hour flight each way), while my boyfriend's family lives a 15-minute drive from us.  My parents have been in an incredibly unhappy relationship my entire life, and going to visit them causes a lot of stress. E.g. my mom doesn't let me speak on the phone with my dad, and the last time I was in town, she took me on a 1.5 hour long walk during which she spent the whole time talking about how much she wanted to divorce my father but wouldn't. Really relaxing.  It feels like spending 2 days traveling to see them is crazy when I have the option to spend Christmas with my boyfriend's loving family so nearby.  However, my parents will never see things this way. They feel like I have betrayed them by choosing to spend both Thanksgiving and Christmas with his family, and have taken to all kinds of guilt trips (asking me why I hate my family, suggesting I go back to my therapist because "something is wrong with me", etc.).  It, of course, makes sense that parents want their children nearby for the holidays. They are generally supportive of me, and therefore I feel an obligation to give in and fly back. But selfishly I know I would have a much more fun, stress free time with my boyfriend's family. I very much want to decorate, relax, and enjoy the holidays here without my own family pressure.  I also offered to visit them the following week, and my mother told me that "wouldn't count", so now I'm feeling like I shouldn't even bother.
e8hqra	This is going to sound strange to most but I am in a Poly relationship with a male and female, and I am a female (26) . Here's some backstory: we met online and we met up for a weekend and things went pretty fast and we ultimately decided for me to join the relationship they were in. Basically they were a couple beforehand and I joined their relationship. Well I had to move right after that weekend and I didn't find out until that weekend that I had to move. Well we continued our relationship long distance for 2 months until I was able to move back. Once I moved back I immediately just moved in with them. We did discuss me watching their kids (they have two young children) while they worked sometimes while I job hunt. I was ok with that, but I didn't think it would literally be every second of the day almost that I would be responsible for them. When I got here and moved in I basically took all responsibility over them like waking up with them cooking/ cleaning doing activities ect while my partners basically lay in bed all day unless they are working. They will also go out and do things together while I stay with the kids a lot.   Trust me, the kids are great they are not the problem it's the fact that this isn't what I pictured for myself, I barely have any time to apply for jobs and work on myself and I just feel like in their personal babysitter/ maid.   WIBTA if I told them that  they need to find a babysitter occasionally so I can take care of finding a job and getting some things in my life together?
e8hpri	So my dad died on the 29th Nov and me, my brother and my Grandma were there when it happened and we stayed a few days with my dad's partner. Today they had a meeting with the funeral director just so my gran could sign some documents. They also picked out songs for the funeral. My dad's partner told me a few days before that she could give me the funeral director's email so that I could put forward a few words I want to be said about my dad. In this meeting today me nor my brother were legally needed there but my grandma can't drive so my brother drove her there. I do not have a good relationship with my brother (he abuses me mentally and physically) and he drives like a madman so I get serious anxiety when he's driving. I decided not to go because of that and because legally I wasn't needed but I debated for days because I felt that morally I should have been there for support and I was scared that if I didn't go it would give my brother ammunition they next time he attacks me. My parents (been raised by my step father my whole life) say that I wasn't wrong not to go and I shouldn't force myself whilst I'm grieving just so that my brother doesn't have ammunition against me. So AITA for not going?
e8hnzq	Im almost 15 and female, my brother’s 13.  I’m in school while my brothers not (homeschooled) he doesn’t have much work to do for his school. He spends maybe an hour a day, at most two on his school work. My mom teaches him. I have a 7 hour school day and get home at around 3:00pm. Then I usually have an hour of homework.   A few weeks ago we got a puppy. She’s 12 weeks old in a few days. We’re potty training her, but she hasn’t quite grasped it yet. She will hold it for a while and understands that she goes outside, but if you don’t take her out she doesn’t ask to go, and sometimes she can’t hold it and pees on the floor.   Usually when I get home I do homework right away. On a good day I’m done with homework around 4. Sometimes I nap after school (I have an autoimmune disease and am often fatigued.) and don’t get done with homework til around 6. Whenever I’m done, I help with the puppy.   My mom and my brother said they’d take care of her. My brother swore he was ready and would drop everything to care for her whenever, because my mom also has an autoimmune disease and is in a lot of pain most of the time. My mom only agreed to get the puppy because he said he’d be on the ball, all the time. I never even agreed to help (though of course it’s a given that I help a bit). She’s supposed to be his responsibility.  I leave my room door closed so she doesn’t get in and pee. For some reason she likes to pee in there. Well every day I come home and it’s open, often with a puddle of pee in the middle of the floor. I clean it and remind my brother to not open my door. He has no reason to during the school day.   Well yesterday I got home and there was another puddle, my door was wide open. I was super tired and just wanted to nap, but I couldn’t leave it there. So I called my brother in and asked him to clean it up. He says “no it’s in your room” and refuses. Yes, but the only reason it’s in my room is because *you opened the fricking door.*   I made a big stink because it’s not supposed to be my responsibility to care for her *ever,* but i do usually. I don’t think it’s much to ask to keep my room door closed, when I close it every morning. And the only reason she pees in the first place is because my brother is being negligent and doesn’t take her out often enough.   He’s done with his school by 11am (he wakes up at 9am) and just goofs off on his computer all day. My mom says I should be more helpful and that my brothers working with the puppy all day while I’m at school. Apparently I have to make up the work I didn’t do while I was at school, even though I’m working to get good grades while he’s just taking care of the puppy he agreed to.  AITA?
e8hiud	My father has been divorced twice and both times it was a difficult experience for me. He frequently asked me if he should date and I have never expressed to him that I didn't want him to date. However, I asked that he not introduce me to his dates until they were in a serious relationship. When ever he has a date at home I stay in my room until they leave, but this time I accidentally left my door open. You couldn't see me from the hallway but my dad pulled me out of my room and introduced me to his date. I got really angry cause of that and even worse was that she stayed the night. The next day I told my dad how I felt and he said I should get over it but later he threw a fuss saying he won't date if it makes me uncomfortable and that I shouldn't have to hide in my own home. I feel bad but I'm also kind of happy and I don't know if I'm just being an absolute asshole or if I should suck it up
e8hh78	I have been at the same job for around a year and a half now, ive seen people get replaced, and fired, and quit. Most of the time we recover well from it, hiring another person and training them shortly after. However, recently my coworker quit and we haven’t hired another person to replace him, so my boss basically gave me all of his shifts. I used to be working 3-4 days a week and I now work 6-7, its good money so im not complaining.   But I have been wanting a new job for a while now. Im planning on legally changing my name as well and as many people know, people will forget, and I don’t want to constantly remind them, so I decided a new work place would be better. A fresh start. Thats my main reason for quitting. But theres more.  One coworker I work with almost regularly is around maybe 35? And I am 17. Every day without fail he will find a reason to touch me. He has grabbed my shoulders, placed his hand on my back, and a couple times he played with my hair. It completely grosses me out and he does this to all the young kids that work there (16-20 year olds). I believe he’s been told to stop touching us but obviously has not.   Then theres another coworker I have, he messes around, doesn’t do basic work, and as I found out yesterday, NOT EVEN FULLY TRAINED. He has been working for almost a year now, and this is a very easy job. How he doesn’t know the basics is hilariously embarrassing to me.   Working with them is stressful. And both at the same time is even worse. I have a job interview coming up soon and if I get the job id put in my two weeks right away. But she always asks people why they quit. I dont want to explain why im changing my name so I feel like I should say its because of my coworkers.   WIBTA for this?
e8hfuw	Some backstory: My friend (let's call her Ashley) and I are both in an advanced school program, alongside a handful of others. We recently had an essay draft due and had it be peer-reviewed by others in class. I got Ashley's and noted what I thought she needed to fix or change within her paper. (A side note- her paper was unfinished and done the night before.  Here's the thing about Ashley; she's infamous around the school for being super stubborn and braggy. She has trouble admitting when she's wrong and only ever comes up with excuses, while at the same time always seeking validation from others. She's also been known for being pretty dismissive and mean towards other people's problems, but constantly vents to me and others about her problems.   Anyways, I looked over and critiqued her writing. The paper was very muddled imo, very hard to follow, and had very little analysis of the topic. And of course, there was the problem with her not finishing it, as well. I told her all of these, granted, a bit harsher than I usually am with her I guess.   She came up with an excuse for every single thing. Her paper wasn't finished because?? And her structure was incoherent because "oh well Mrs thought it was ok when I showed her the outline" (even though her outline and her essay were night and day). She refused to take any of the criticism I gave her and kept trying to make it seem like I hated it.   "Just say that you hate it. You do, don't you?"  "Fine, I guess I'll redo the whole thing!"  I eventually snapped and told her, "Christ! Turn it in as is then! Just don't come whining to me about the zero you'll get because of it."  Now she's going around telling people how much I hated her essay and how I wouldn't take criticism??  I try to be gentle with her cause she's clinically depressed, anxious and works a lot despite being in high school, but I genuinely did not know how else to go about this. Especially since this essay is required for a full ride scholarship and she constantly complains about how her parents won't pay her tuition.  So Reddit, AITA?  TLDR; I told my friend everything I found to be wrong with her essay, and would up snapping at her when she kept making excuses. AITA?
e8he6d	Basically what the title says, in summary. I went out of town to Chicago for the weekend and I asked my sister to watch my two dogs with the promise of some money and having the apartment to herself the whole weekend. Everything went great till I got home and was locked out of my apartment because the hiding spot she told me the key at, the key wasn’t there. She went to work and had to hide the key so I wouldn’t be stranded outside (even tho I was anyway)   I get home around 2am and there was no key to be found, so I tried calling/texting her but to no avail. I have to sleep in my car while I wait for my office to open to get emergency key and get my spare from inside my apartment. She finally called me back and told me she did put it there but just not securely, she didn’t hide it well or put anything over it just kinda put it there. The hiding spot was a potted plant but she just threw it in there for everybody to see. So WIBTA if I made her replace the key that cost me 100$ to make an extra one?
e8hdtb	Today my nana came over today to pick us up because she wanted to spend time with us.  I did NOT want to do this so I spent every couple of hours thinking of a way to properly say I didn't want to spend time with her.  My best bet was to say I have school work to do, and I need to study for these tests coming up.  I figured saying "I don't want to spend time with you" would be A. a little harsh and B., not a good valid reason for her to accept without questioning.  I'm outside letting the dog use the bathroom when she pulls in and I walk over to her.  And the first thing she does it look and me and then she hugs me while crying, not ugly loud crying but water flowing done.  Meanwhile physically I probably had what I can only describe as a resting smile face, but mentally I wasn't feeling anything the only thing I thought was "oh she's hugging me now".  I don't remember every single thing that happened so I'll sum it up.  She told me a lot of details such as her watching her sister pass 6 times, my little brother looks like a younger version of our dad I looked like her father.  And physically I was listening but mentally I was like Dexter morgan not feeling anything minus the dialogue.    This woman who I don't hate yet I don't want to spend time with was emotional pouring herself out and I felt nothing.  And I'm just sitting thinking "Am I an Asshole?"
e8hbxi	Hi everyone, this is my first serious reddit post and english is not my first language, so go easy on me. My mother divorced my father around 10  years ago and has been struggling to get herself together and start over. My dad found another woman soon which he got married and which only hurt my mother more. But eh, life goes on and so should you. Since 6 months she found a new partner which is a great guy. I try to visit them once a week so my mother gets to see me since we have always been close but i live with my father now. She has not seen my brother (22) in a few years (long story), which im always trying to compensate. My father is a honest man and has always told me everything. I can reach out to him for financial problems, personal emotional problems, just everything. A few months ago he told me i should know about the numbers of the company of my mothers new partner. I was curious but it did not turn out well. He is in a big debt and has again made a loss on top of that this year. However, he drives a nice car, has a van from work, acts like there is nothing going on. Ive been constantly thinking about how to handle the situation since i feel its my duty to help in some way since i am the only one of my family who even speaks to my mother ( same long story ). One side of me is saying: Its none of your business, ignore it and it turn out fine eventually. The other part of me says: Tell your mother or ask her new partner if he told her, she deserves to know and besides this, in the long run, her financial state could also possibly matter to me (selfish thought i guess, but just thinking of different outcomes). I just don’t know what would be the right thing to do since he truly seems a nice genuine guy and my mother has already had some bad years. Thanks to everyone in advance. Ps im thinking about this being a wrong subreddit to post my story but i don’t know where to post elsewhere.
e8hahw	My ex-wife and I have been divorced for almost two and a half years. Long story short, she left me for someone else, but we are on good terms now, especially since we have kids together. We all get along just fine, and I would even call us friends. I've been with my now fiance since last May and she is moving in in a few months, so I'm trying to clean out a few things.  I have this custom illustration from my ex-wife from our first Christmas together. She commissioned an illustrator to do custom artwork for me. I thought about throwing it out just because I don't really have the wall space for it, but my fiance decided to cut it up and kind of rearrange it in a new frame I had lying around. It looked awesome, so I made a FB post thanking her and shared a picture of her work: "Had versions of these previously, but (fiance's name) really leveled them up! Love them and love her ❤"  My ex-wife was livid. She said she didn't care that I was going to throw it away, but the FB post bothered her because it seemed as if I was giving the fiance credit for a gift that she gave. I disagree, I was giving her credit for framing it. She told me to throw it away like I originally planned on doing or to explicitly state that the gift was from her and not my fiance. I was just appreciating my fiance for cutting it up and rearranging it. AITA? Or is she freaking out over nothing?
e8h9rp	Ok so, I’ve been engaged for nearly a year, and am having my bachelorette party next week. I’ve been planning this party for a long time, and spent the last few months planning it and talking about it with all my closest friends. The problem is, in the last two months I had a fight with two of the girls, decided I needed to get away from that negativity and stopped hanging out with them. I didn’t cut them off completely, or tell them that I don’t want to be close with them anymore, I just consciously distanced myself from them since then. They haven’t reached out to me either, so I would presume they feel the same way. I don’t want them to be at my bachelorette, and I don’t want any drama over it so decided to not invite the whole group that we were in together. My bridesmaid hadn’t actually invited them yet, so I told her not to. They knew about it from before, knew the weekend it was and all the planning for it, but I just didn’t update them on anything in the last two months so they weren’t properly invited. We don’t speak anymore really, but we haven’t cut each other off completely, if I saw the girls we’d still make conversation and pretend we still get on, I just don’t want that stress at what’s supposed to be my party. Am I the asshole for cutting them out like this?
e8h8d3	A little background on my neighborhood first. I live in a townhome row with a park/clubhouse in front across the street and apartments/city-run housing behind it.  Our driveway is in the back and has an “alley” that has parking for the apartments and driveways for the townhomes. We have a small (20x20) “backyard” that is mostly dirt. This is the same for our neighbors, who I am friendly with. We rent our townhome and have lived here for almost a year. There are a lot of kids in the neighborhood. They are always riding bikes and running around. We find a lot of trash in the neighborhood and it honesty isn’t the best area (I like to think of it as “transitional”).   So here’s the story. My bf and I have lived here with our dog for a year. She’s a 45 pound AmStaff (think pit bull). I used to walk her around the neighborhood but several neighbors from the apartments had small dogs they didn’t watch and they would run up to us. My dog can be reactive, particularly on leash, so I opted to take long walks elsewhere.  When we take her outside to potty, we take her out the back and across the alley. Although it’s mostly cement parking, there is a large, very grassy area that doesn’t seem to be used very often. My dog will pee right outside our door, but since a there’s no grass, walking her the extra 20 feet to the grass let’s her poop in comfort. I have been doing this since we moved in.   Today, as I let her out and she was doing her business, a woman I’ve never seen before started yelling at me from half a block over that I needed to make her potty somewhere else because the kids in the neighborhood run through that area and she saw some dog poop recently. I tried explaining that I always cleaned up after my dog, but I know some neighbors did not. She just kept yelling at me.   So here my question. The park out front of our house has a playground and the kids are always playing out there, I actively see them every day. And the grassy area we currently use is vacant 99% of the time. I can honestly say I’ve never seen children playing there. WIBTA if I continue letting my dog poop in this area, provided I continue cleaning up the mess as I have been and being a responsible dog owner in general? I’m worried that taking her out front will stress her out because the kids yell at her and me but I also don’t want to be a dick to my neighbors.   I know the best solution is to train her to use the dirt yard area we have. I am currently appealing to the HOA and landlord to let us put up a fence and actually start growing grass but it’s going to take a bit for approval and install.
e8h7js	For context, I share a two bedroom apartment with my boyfriend and a roommate, aka “P”   A few weeks ago my roommate informed me that his mom and brother would be staying in our place for a few weeks around Christmas. Normally I’d be kind of pissed about this, but I’m gonna be away visiting my own family for most of that time so I figured it wasn’t a big deal.   The problem is that later, he and my boyfriend told me that P would be sleeping in our bed while I’m away (P’s mom gets P’s bed, and the brother gets the couch). I value personal space and privacy and want to tell him not to, but this is complicated by a few things:  1. My boyfriend already told him it’s ok (when I wasn’t in the room)  2. I asked P to look after my cat while I’m away, and he agreed to do it so I feel like I owe him a favour  3. He’d have to sleep on an air mattress while there’s a perfectly good, empty bed in the next room  I mean, it’s not *that* big a deal if he does, I just feel like it’s a bit of a violation of my personal space, and I wish he or my bf had asked me if I’m okay with it instead of just assuming that I am.
e8h4x9	I'm almost 30 and every year for my entire life I spent the 24th with my parents and  family and the 25th with my parents and other family.    I work for my parents pizzeria and so did my wife. She was the model employee, working more hours than anyone else, covering anyone who needed a day off, even last minute, knowing more than anyone else, and making pizza better than anyone else. Even my mom, who is a pizza making master, said so herself.  My mom and wife were very close. Maybe because my wife is super friendly or because she is super helpful- she would help out with a lot of things at my parents house. But my dad never liked her. He would be really mean at the worst of times. He has been verbally abusive to me and my mom my whole life and my mom is okay with it. I'm not. He's an asshole who always claims he's right and loves telling other people how to live their lives . He owns a pizzeria but doesnt know anything about pizza, he relys on his wife and family to do everything. One of the worst things he said to her was that she wastes my money and is not his family. she made more than me at that time and is a money-smart person   my wife always puts others first. We would often change plans because my parents asked for help & she would offer her time to help them,  Working at a pizzeria is physically demanding and For all of last year she had really horrible back pain. It was so bad that she needed help getting out of bed, or standing up. She eventually agreed to see a doctor. My parents knew a guy so they took her to him. He said that my wife needs physio and needs at least two weeks off, more if the  pain remains. My parents reluctantly agreed, but after a week they kept asking her to come back. She did. She got bad back pain. She decided to look at her health and take time off.  My parents were furious. I had an argument with them when I showed up to work. They seemed to feel that my wife should have offered to help at the store despite her pain  They said the doctor was a fraud. But I was ready. My wife had gotten a second and third opinion. Plus xrays and another scan. She eventually also got to visit with an expert in back pain. They all said the same thing. And after months of physio she is physically fine now.   Since that argument my parents only brought her up once. It was my dad who asked why my wife is mad at everyone. I said she is tired of constantly putting up with his shit. And the constant blaming of her for everything..   We had a huge argument where my parents said my wife is a selfish bitch and that I'm a terrible son. That argument has been forgotten, but so has my wife. They never ask about her. I tolerate my parents because I cant find work anywhere (my fault. I should have gone to school instead of working for them). They seem to think everything is okay and that they did no wrong. I'm fully expecting an argument when I mention  that I wont go for Christmas
e8h2y6	My girlfriend and I were listening to Christmas music this morning and I was just trying to chat with her about the music when I could clearly tell something was upsetting her. I tried to just ignore it and continue our conversation normally when her responses got more short with me. I asked her if there was anything upsetting her and she said it was nothing which I knew wasn’t the case. I tried to give her some time on her own and left the house to give her own space.   I come back home after a couple of hours running errands and wanted to see if she was feeling better and ask her if everything is ok. She replies nothing is wrong but I can tell it got worse. This is where I got more frustrated and with got a little more angry with my tone in asking her what is going on. She finally said I did something to piss her off but needed space to think about it. I got a little upset pointing out I did give her a lot of space and she then effectively shut down for a good two hours. No communication, no responses, just sitting on the sofa in silence and fuming.   This is how our fights go **all the time.** I’m not trying to say I’m never in the wrong about the argument (more often than not I am) but what’s getting to me is how she can’t effectively communicate and I have to always retrace my steps for the last 24 hours to piece together what caused the grievance. AITA for getting upset with her doing this?
e8h0ij	BKG: I have a small amount of debt from school and my car. Going into our now 5 year relationship, 2 years married, I had about $300 in credit card debt. At one point she was out of work and I let her use my Credit Card which she somehow increased the limit by $1000 and then maxed it out. After that she lost her license and continued to put things like animal care bills on my credit. I've been trying to get my score up and with some side jobs and a stable day job I'm almost clear. She has also been working steadily and contributes an irregular amount weekly. $300-$600 while I make a steady $600 plus side work  Problem: Recently she got mad and threatened to pull her money from our shared account and let me handle all my debt on my own including the credit card she ran up. She wants to focus on better her license back and it will cost nearly $1000.  the next morning my father found a large sum of bonds in my name. I didn't want to tell her because of the fight we had the day before and they were given to me when I was a baby. Now that they've matured it's worth enough to clear all my minor debts and give me a clean slate to work with.   It could also be used to fix her situation but that will almost immediately increase our monthly bills while raising my credit will ultimately lower them and let me reconsalidate at a reasonable interest rate.  I also know that every time we have even the tiniest bit of money in the account she gets a crazy look in her eye and spends it like it's on fire. Seriously, we had $100 left the day before our pay came in and it was all gone by the end of the day.   I also haven't told her about the cash I make on my side jobs because if we have no money then she puts in effort to making things last a little longer i.e. vape juice, soap, snacks in the house. Its basic stuff but it adds up.   TLDR: AITA for not letting my wife (who is bad with money) know about the bonds my parents gave to me as a child that are now worth a good amount?
e8go94	For starters I live in student housing and my roommate would not be held accountable for any extra money for “rent” or anything of that nature when I move out. My roommate and I started off the semester great but living with her has turned into my own personal nightmare.   It started off with her leaving a bag of garbage under my bed and spill a bottle of lotion under my desk and leaving it there over the weekend. I asked to her to please clean it up and she refused saying it was my side but she was obviously doing something over there for her lotion to be spilled on the ground and her garbage to be under my bed.   She also complains constantly, this may seem petty but it is constant. I have never her heard her say anything nice about a single person I have introduced her to and she has a difficult time making friends therefore she is always in our room. She is not taking many classes because she dropped most of them so I rarely have alone time which is hard for me. She also is constantly on the phone with her boyfriend fighting, whenever my boyfriend calls I sit in the lounge so she isn’t annoyed by our phone call, I asked her if she would mind doing the same and she said “why would I do that” and I said so I don’t have to listen to your call while I’m trying to do work. She groaned and made it seem like a big deal when the lounge is five feet away and refused.   She is also disgusting, she leaves bags of garbage in our room for weeks and we live right next to the trash shoot so there is no excuse for it. She floods the bathroom every time she showers causing mold to grow and then when I ask her to contribute to cleaning she says she doesn’t see why she should have to clean because she is in school and that makes her too busy. I am frankly embarrassed to bring people into our room and it’s starting to smell. I’m not her mother so I will not clean up after her besides our shared living space (the bathroom)   I have made plans with university housing to have my own room in a different style of living so I will have more privacy. This girl and I aren’t friends, she doesn’t like me and doesn’t respect our living space. WIBTA for moving out without saying anything? I am afraid she will get upset and beg me to stay living with her. I would consider it if she showed any sign of respect towards our shared living space(she doesn’t even have to like me) but she hasn’t and I’m fed up.
e8gjkd	 Right before thanksgiving, my boyfriend (M19) and I (F19) had an issue, broke up, but ultimately decided to get back together because we love each other and it was a genuine accident.  My roommate (F19), whom I’ll call J, was not informed about this. My other two roommates (F20/F20) were not either.  They knew we were in contact, but did not know we were together together. I was neglecting to tell J because she acts extremely motherly to me and I really didn’t want to hear her mouth towards me around finals week, and just wanted to work things out on my own. She has a habit of blowing up over decisions I make,   This weekend, J happened to go home which is over an hour away. I invited my boyfriend over, and the two other roommates were informed that we were together, and he was over for most of the weekend (there was no issue with this.)  I also told them I wanted to wait to tell J until after break, so if things did explode, it at least wasn’t during finals and she might be a bit calmer about it.  This afternoon, J confronts me about why didn’t I tell her about my boyfriend and I being back together and that I lied to her and I’m making terrible decisions (Edit: she also went on a tirade of ‘I can never trust you again, you broke my trust, I can’t believe you did this, that you don’t trust me.... etc. she also got upset that I was thinking of switching my major but didn’t say I was thinking about it.) to which I had no clue how she found out. This was twenty minutes before a final exam.  On my way out of the apartment, the other two roommates were obviously eavesdropping over our conversation, and it clicked that they must have told her.  Admittedly, I did slam the door on my way out, which is kind of minor, but I was just so tired of everyone being snakes.  AITA for not telling J that I got back with my boyfriend?
e8gf73	My (16F) brother (17M) has autism. He has two main interests: fishing and minecraft. He can talk about these things (especially minecraft) for hours. I realize it's because he doesn't pick up on social cues and stuff. Most of the time I just walk away when I'm over it and go into my room where he can't follow me. Yesterday I had a friend over and we were talking about stuff. My brother walked up to us and started talking about minecraft. My friend said she was talking to me about something else, but he kept going. I finally said he should stop and that I'm not interested in minecraft and neither is my friend. My friend's mom overheard and told me that was really rude. Was I TA?
e8gev1	    So I have one sibling he’s my older brother and he’s has high functioning autism , which basically in his case he can do everything it just takes him a little longer than normal to do it.     My grandma likes to baby him whenever we visit or stay over, and by “baby” him I mean is that she waits on him hand and foot.If he ask for water he gets it if he ask for something to eat she gets up and starts cooking, while if I ask for any of those things she says “Go get it yourself your perfectly capable” but when I try to argue back she says “he’s different from you” and “he can’t do that” when he actually can she just doesn’t give him the chance, so AITA
e8gdyw	So let me just start out by saying we’ve been friends for many years, probably almost 8. Throughout those years, he has moved away like 5 times for family issues & etc.   Every time he moved, it was almost like I stopped existing in his life. If we talked it would be briefly and like once/twice a month.   Fast forward to the last year, I found out he’d been basically homeless and living in his car across the country. With the occasional hotel room for the night or crashing at someones place. I sent some money (nothing insane, probably $100 across several months.) eventually he was just about ready to give up on trying, planning on selling the car and just roaming around until he can’t anymore. So I motivated him to instead move back “home”  here and just try to get it together. He’s lived in this town before on his own and was able to secure jobs better than the area he was struggling.   So I helped him get & secure a lease before he got here, and transported him from the airport (1hr 40 round trip..) I figured it’d be a good deed and a lot of help.   He got a job & is just about scraping by with a roof over his head. Mission accomplished, right?   Well now he’s just being as manipulative as possible, in my eyes at least. He keeps asking me to do these tasks for him and I know I won’t be getting much. And its never comprimisable. If it doesn’t work for me then I’m the devil.   So lately I’ve just given up, I have my own duties and debts to take care of and I just can’t waste my time like this. But has that stopped him? No of course not.   He has made a new phone number to bug me on, and even started DMing my girlfriend about “wtf I’m up to and why I won’t do these things.”   I finally responded yesterday when he started talking about Juice WRLD, it was a sad ass morning and he’d never even taken interest in him before now. It bugged me quite a bit and I’m just at such a boiling point. Ofc after he got a response out of me he bombarded with the same questions I’ve been avoiding...   What do now? I feel like an AH but I’m so overwhelmed with my own life right now I just don’t know.
e8gdw3	About a month ago I bought my husband 4 boxes of cookies and one box of cookies  for myself. I almost never buy anything just for myself. However, there are times that I have a little bit of a sweet tooth and I would like to be able to go into my kitchen and just eat the cookie. I buy at least three to four boxes of cookies from my husband every week. He always eats them within a week. I asked him specifically not to eat any of the cookies from the box that I had bought for myself.  When I went to get a cookie from said box, the entire box was empty.  When I asked my husband about it, he laughed it off.  He told me that I was overreacting. He said that I could just go back to the store and buy another box of cookies and it didn't matter. He even offered to go to the store to buy a new box of cookies.  I told him that wasn’t necessary and I went without.    The next week, while we were shopping we stopped By the cookie aisle and I asked my husband which cookies he wanted to buy for this week. He told me that he didn't want any cookies. I asked him a second and third time to be sure that he did not want cookies. Each time he told me he did not want them. I picked one box for myself and I told him very clearly that just because he doesn't buy his own cookies that does not mean that he will have the ability to eat mine later.  He told me again that he didn't want any cookies. Fine. I bought one box for myself.  Later, when I had a bit of a Sweet Craving I went into the kitchen and found the box of cookies that I bought for myself was completely empty. He ate the entire thing within two days.  I was incredibly angry about this. Just like before, he assured me that this would never happen again.  Then, last night,  We went out for hamburgers. The place we usually go to serves incredibly large Burger so I wasn't able to finish all of mine. In fact, I knew from the very beginning of the meal I would be unable to finish it also I cut the burger and half and reserved one half for later.  I specifically planned to eat it before I went to work  for the evening.   A little while before I was scheduled to go to work, my husband walks into the room I'm in holding the other half of my hamburger. He asked me if I wanted to eat it. I told him, ¨¨ yes, I do want to eat it put it back on the fucking table I'm going to eat it later.¨¨ He then proceeded to eat it in front of me. I was unable to remain calm. This felt like complete disrespect. When I confronted him about his actions, he told me that he felt I was joking. When I asked him to explain how it could have possibly been a joke he was unable to do so.
e8gaky	My friend has never had a phone but got the opportunity to buy one but decided to waste his money on something else instead. Now he uses my phone and I have to ask him to use my own phone when he takes it without even asking me. Recently he broke his vape and has been using mine. Fair enough right? But he is constantly using it and it’s not like it doesn’t cost anything to use because I’ve got to pay for more liquid, which he doesn’t chip in for. He was saving up for a new one but decided to also waste that money because why save money when He can just use his friend. It has really been annoying me and I want to tell him to piss off but I don’t know if this just sounds like I’m being greedy. Any help?
e8g9zn	Throwaway because I don't want anyone to figure out this is me, especially my brother since this really shouldn't get back to him.  Help me settle a debate, because I think my husband is not being as supportive as I want him to be on this:  My brother-in-law isn't a fan of my brother. They rarely see each other (pretty much just on holidays), but my brother in law still makes the occasional comment. I don't like it, but whatever. I get along well with my brother in law overall, so usually I let it roll because it hasn't been too bad. My brother has his faults, but we get along well. I also usually get along with my BIL pretty well.  But last night...I found out he drew my brother's name for our Secret Santa in our families. He proudly told us how he was talking to his sister (my SIL) about how he should get my brother cleaning supplies for Christmas (my brother isn't the best at keeping his place up, but my brother in law isn't affected by this). But THEN he told us he also thought of getting a buttplug because he thinks my brother is gay.  My brother hasn't ever said either way whether he's straight, gay, bi, or anything else. My BIL based this on my brother's clothes (he wears gaming shirts and jeans with tennis shoes) and because he brought a friend over to my house once and that friend dressed similarly. That's it. That's how he apparently decided my brother might be gay. He says that gay couples always choose spouses that look and dress similar.  I also can't stand when people use stuff like this as an insult because I don't think being gay is anything to be ashamed of. It's not an insult.  My husband agrees that he should talk to him, but is adamant that his brother isn't homophobic and blamed it on his job and the environment there (he's blue collar). Which I think is such a bullshit excuse. He said I shouldn't "insult" his brother by calling him homophobic and that he's not "scared" of gay people, and therefore not homophobic. My husband thinks what he said was wrong, but not homophobic. BIL has a history of making comments that I usually just don't engage in, but he never makes it about a specific person until this time.  My husband is angry at me for calling his brother a homophobic jerk. I was thinking much worse things though, to be honest.   I did get a crap, non apology from BIL after my husband talked to him, but it basically said that he didn't mean to upset me and that he was just trying to think of gifts my brother had never had before. I don't think he feels he was wrong in saying it, just that he said it to me and made me mad.  Am I the asshole for expecting my husband to see that his brother is being a homophobic jerk and being upset that he's defending him?
e8g7n1	So, this has been bugging me for a while now.  Short story: Got entered with girl for professional drama exam, she evaded my personal space countless times even after I told her to stop, she thinks she’s entitled to all my belongings, would insult me, never let me get on with my studies, blackmails me into doing things for her, and doesn’t take no for an answer. She knows she’s doing this as she’s apologised about 10 times, and kept doing these things anyway. Am I the asshole for dropping out of the exam, therefore ruining her chances to do it as well?  Longer story: Around early November the teacher of our drama class announced that there’d be this professional exam project to do with drama (there’d be professionals coming into the school and you’d have to pay to enter and all that jazz). Me being the drama nerd I am, decided that I wanted to give it a try. A few other people said that they’d maybe try out, as well. In the end it was only me and this one girl in my class who actually wanted to do it, so we were entered together as a duo. Let’s call her Emily. Now, I didn’t know her very well at the time, but if I did, I would never have signed up with her.   So, we got our scripts and got practicing. Over the next month I realised that she could just not be worked with. It has nothing to do with the actual exam, per say, however it’s just the way she treats me in general. Short list of things that Emily does: -Invades my personal space on purpose, and shoves you when you accidentally invade hers. I know this shouldn’t be that big of a deal but over time it gets to you. -Blackmails me into doing things for her, using the exam. -Does not take NO for an answer. -Feels entitled to all my things. (Snatches belongings, begs for spare pens and paper when she has it in her bag and is too lazy to get it out and when you don’t give it to her she insults you.) And that’s only the tip of the iceberg.  Now, she has apologised, however I’ve stopped forgiving her as she’s done this around 10 times and kept doing these things anyway.   Of course, she also has her side of the story and I don’t know what it is. However all these little things building up over the last month has made me build up a resentment towards her, plus the current situation with my mental health doesn’t help either.  I know that this will ruin it for her, and she won’t get the money back that she paid to do this. I know. And I’ve thought about this for a while, and I feel really bad about it. And I tried to put up with it in the beginning, but by the time I realised that I really did not want to work with her it was already too late to do it by myself or with another person. So the options were to either do it with her or not do it at all. Could I have done a bit better at not elating these things get to me. Probably.    Am I in the wrong here?
e8g7lx	Ok, so a little context first. The past few years have been a little rough. My ex-husband cheated on me and left me out of no where, that completely uprooted my life. We were and had been in the Marijuana industry out in California together for 8 years. It was going to be too hard a task to maintain myself in this world on my own so at 30 years old I had to redirect my life. I moved to Miami by myself to try to start fresh, fell into a deep depression and then a year and half later was diagnosed with stage 4 hodgkins lymphoma. I was left with no choice but to move back home to NC with my mom to under go chemo. I'm not complaining about that aspect I'm grateful that I had family to fall back on. I beat cancer and have been in remission since January (yay!). I waited tables all through chemo and was able to save some money bc I was living at home. Fast forward to May when an old acquaintance reentered my life (he knew all about the past few years) and we hit it off. I was still living with my mom, but found myself spending all my time at his house. (He lives 40 minutes across town from my mom's.) He owns his home, lives comfortably. He makes CBD carts and edibles, makes enough so that he really barely has to work, in fact it got to the point where I was always helping or doing the work myself. I didn't ask for compensation because I was always staying with him. I also did all the cooking, cleaning etc. I also paid for groceries.  When we first started dating I decided to take sometime off work because as I mention I had just beat cancer and had enough money to cover my bills and basic living expenses. I wasn't asking him for money. slowly I did move in quite a bit of clothes a few kitchen appliances and toiletries. Nothing huge like furniture which he was adamant about. To be clear I wasn't homeless, I could always go to my moms. I was just there and he said he enjoyed me being there. A few months in I decided to return to work. I'm a waitress I don't make a crazy amount but it is hard work. He likes to stay up late and nights before I would have to work doubles he would keep me up, getting angry and telling me it was his bed I was sleeping in and that I was ignoring him. Sometimes due to his drinking it could get quite volatile. Not physical abuse but doors being slammed, being told how selfish I was. Then he said I was using him and had been. He said he wanted me to start paying half the bills. Mind you I would get off work clean, make him dinner. I wasn't an additional cost to him. I started to go back to  my moms to sleep. All this made me realize that we weren't moving forward. the whole situation was causing me stress. I have been trying to slowly end things, but he keeps saying that all I did was use him. I'm trying to get back on my feet after the upheaval in my life. I'm not asking whether I should get out of the relationship, I know that I do. But am I wrong for not contributing to the bills? I know this is a lot and lengthy happy to fill in more info, but AITA?
e8g0zh	** EDIT: I called my HR rep and they said they agreed that the lack of a locker room was unfair and they would look into getting the door access by my office reinstated. As for the restroom issue, I told them it wasn’t a huge deal about using the one in the front office. **  I am one of two females in a warehouse of about thirty males. We have three bathrooms on site, one in the male only locker room (there is no female locker room), one in the front office that is unisex and one by the back office (where my desk is) that is also unisex but is available to truck drivers as well as employees. All bathrooms are single occupant, no stalls. The bathroom by my office also has a urinal.  It is a daily occurrence that I have to wipe down the toilet with Clorox wipes in the bathroom by my office due to urine and occasionally hairs on the seat (ewww), even with the aforementioned urinal available. Yes, I have the option to use the front office bathroom, but that requires me to put on all my safety equipment (hard hat, high-vis vest, safety glasses, cut resistant Kevlar sleeves) to walk across the plant. The bathroom by my office is in a “safety zone”, so all my protective equipment is not necessary. It’s a huge inconvenience, and I’m less productive having to spending about 10 minutes on a bathroom break that should only take 3. We have a cleaning crew that comes in three times a week, and it’s still nasty. I’m getting tired of cleaning the bathroom at my work more than I clean my bathroom at home. I’ve complained to our plant manager but so far nothing has come of it, other than him rolling his eyes and being like “yeah I get it”.   I’ve even heard he’s purposely not called female applicants back because he didn’t want to deal with a co-gender locker room or adding one on. Myself and the other female are not shop employees, we are more admin focused so we don’t wear uniforms and don’t need to use the locker room. But, since I don’t (can’t) use the locker room I have to take all my protective equipment home with me every day because the only exit is in the front office and I have nowhere to store my stuff (versus leaving it at my desk like the office manager can). It’s mostly annoying and slightly inconvenient. The exit by my office is an “emergency exit only”, but used to have a key code for people to get in. I feel like it wouldn’t be a stretch for them to put that back in.  WIBTA if I called our HR department (not on site), and complained about not having acceptable/equal facilities for use?
e8fzkq	Since a couple of months ago, my religious mom has been dragging the rest of the family along to church. Sitting there and fidgeting is fine, but that 's where I want to draw the line.  I'm quite introverted and don't feel comfortable with everyone there, especially if they keep coming to me for small talks trying to peer into my life and trying to get me to invite them over to our house. I only went to church because not because I wanted to, but because it seemed to make my mom happy. She knows this and I don't have to put up a facade pretending to be anything.  For the church's Christmas event, they want to sing carols.  I only found out today that the event is happening at OUR house in 3 days and my mom wants me accompany them on the cello. She's been saying that I definitely would want to join them for Christmas.  I don't.  She goes off to say that she's done many undesirable favors for me and to think of the past 20 years, and that's why church is important for us. I tell her that I'm not comfortable with church. I also remind her that I go to church every week to give HER a morale boost but I don't want to associate myself with anybody there. She keeps talking that our lives have led up to this moment and it's time for me to pay her back.  At this point, you might be wondering that I'm the asshole and that I should get it over with and everybody would be happy in the long run.  While I agree, let me reiterate that I'm not comfortable with church or the people. No matter how many times my mom invites them over to our house or makes us attend church events, I feel just as uncomfortable as the first day. Every week I am asked for favors for events I won't attend. When I decline baptism, the pastor says "so you don't want to follow us on the path of god". Everyone thinks I'm there on my own free will. I don't want to admit that to them because I'm afraid they'll think badly of my mom. On top of everyone being so passive-aggressive, my mom's acting the same way as them and it's bothering me.  \*The way my mom's acting towards this whole thing rather than actually asking me nicely leaves such a sour feeling in my stomach that I'm so inclined to decline it.\* I really would have not minded if people didn't act so buddy-buddy with me, trying to come over to our house, the youth pastor asking me every week if I want to take a role in the worship group, and my mom trying to guilt-trip me about anything associated with religion and church.  I felt like going to church for her sake was enough for and declining to play cello wouldn't be such a big deal. I think that people can still be good without bending over backwards for religion. Church may be a big part of my mom's life but it just does nothing for me and I feel I have my own rights to opt out of these things if I want to.  AITA?
e8fwpl	ok ok so here’s some context, she’s been my best friend for 5 years now and we’ve always stayed over each other’s houses on mondays and tuesdays, for all these years, she got a boyfriend like a month ago or so and won’t get off the phone to him. and when i say wont, i mean e v e r, even when we’re round each other’s houses. i actually don’t like this guy, yet i’m happy that she’s happy with him, but she’s obsessed with him. even her parents get mad at her often and take her phone off her sometimes because she gets home from school, and calls him straight away, and doesn’t get off the phone to him until 11 at night when she goes to sleep, except dinner, and even then she gets upset about when she has to hang up, and that’s only 20 mins without him. even when i’m at her house, she’s on call to him 3:30-11pm and doesn’t talk to me at all, if i talk to her she won’t respond and pretends i’m not there, and when i’m not around her all she texts me about is him too. whenever i say anything along the lines off “i’m right here, are you still gonna stay on the phone to him?” she gets upset at me, ive also recently gone through a bad breakup and she knows seeing her on the phone and all lovey upsets me but they’re still really lovey together, so i just kinda leave the room when we’re around each other and let her phone him now . i’m tired of it, i can’t talk to my best friend anymore, but i feel selfish because she’s really happy with this guy, and surely i should be supportive of her relationships,  Am I The asshole for being upset?  also this is my first reddit post so i’m sorry if i’m doing this wrong lmao.
e8fwos	Over a year ago, I was engaged to a man (we'll call him Ben)- my friends & family loved Ben like he was part of the family from the time we started dating. He’s a charming guy, overly-friendly and easy to get along with; he also became close friends w/ my brother. Ben had young daughter-(I'll call her Lily). During our engagement, I willingly put money towards things for Lily, the mortgage, bills, groceries, and home goods. Ben & I also bought  2 dogs, Jack and Riley. Ben purchased Jack within the first few months of us living together and I purchased Riley a few months later. As pups, they went everywhere with me bc of my flexible schedule. These 2 boys were my heart.  Shortly before our wedding, I found out Ben was cheating on me. I worked nights and apparently when I'd be at work, Ben would have this girl over at our house and in our bed. He admitted to his affair. I immediately moved out and called off our engagement. With support from my loved ones, I was able to handle this heartbreak with grace; a lot of this was bc I didn't want to cause issues for Lily and wanted the transition of me moving out to be as easy for her. My only regret through all of this was not taking Jack and Riley. I did not want to separate the them since they had grown up together and Ben wouldn't let me take Jack because "he paid for him". Ben allowed me to go to the house and visit the dogs while he was at work- this went on for 5 months. It ended after we both got into new relationships- I wanted to be respectful of our new partners, but it broke my heart I wouldn't see my boys anymore. I was home w/ them 4/7 days a week since they were pups and being w/out them was like losing a part of me.  I still share pictures on FB of me with my boys. I share these when they pop-up on my FB memories. I always make sure that Ben is not tagged in these. Ben still occasionally talks to members of my family and gets on well with them. The problem arose when Ben began dating his newest GF, Kat. She has went insane about me sharing my old pictures with/of the dogs. She’s went as far as deleting me off of her social media accts (we had been friends on these prior to her dating Ben) and has BLOCKED me on all of Ben’s (I never deleted him after our relationship ended bc I find it immature). She has also went as far as making posts about me online and talking about how I "need to move on" and how I am crazy to mutual friends. Basically, I'm just wanting to know if AITA for sharing these posts of memories I have with Jack & Riley. I haven’t once tried to reach out to Ben. I just don't see how I should be talked so badly about for doing something so innocent, especially when these pictures mean so much to me. So tell me, Reddit, AITA here?  (Currently, I have been with my boyfriend for a year. He fully understands the love that I still have for Jack&Riley and doesn't mind that I share my memories of them.)
e8fweg	My neighbour is usually home and signs for packages that arrive from anywhere that's not Amazon, (Amazon guys know better), I don't mean just take them because I'm not home, but sign their name that they received it. Said neighbour would then leave them on my door step. This is in a private building where public can't walk it but there is still a fair few people that walk past my door.  Over the past couple weeks, I noticed that quite a few of my packages where being delivered damaged or partially opened like someone was trying to see what was inside but it was usually something cheap like a book or tshirt, I didn't think much of it. Today, I found out that said neighbour signed for and left on my doorstep an iPhone which I have never seen... I checked online tracking to see who signed for it and it was in fact the same neighbour as always. I asked them about it but didn't get any useful information. I politely asked to not sign for anything on my behalf in the future. I believe this neighbour didn't take anything, I think someone else would have done it, I don't think they would have signed for it and took it but either way, my iPhone is nowhere to be seen.  My neighbour was very clearly offended, I didn't blame them for anything just asked that if anything needs a signature when I'm not here, to decline it and I will collect it from depot when I can. I don't think I have done anything wrong but the neighbour didn't like it one bit.
e8ftvc	**TL;DR: Stinky homeless guy camping in coffee shop every day for a month. WIBTA for asking the shop to do something?**  I work remotely, live downtown in my US city. I moved right next door to my favorite local coffee shop, because it's the best place to work out of, it's cozy, and pretty cheap. At this point, I've been a regular for about 4 mos.   The past month, this homeless fellow will come in and grab a cup of coffee 3-4 days a week. He's pretty quiet, mumbles to himself  bit, but is a fine patron in most respects. He's not the only homeless person who comes in.   The problem is, this guy REEKS. He smells of old pee and poo, and you can smell him from 20 feet away. This isn't a large shop, so you can smell him from most spots in the place. I have to hold my nose the whole time I'm there, it's so bad. He stays the whole day. Me and some other regulars have talked about how gross it is, and usually try to sit on the other side of the shop if we can, sometimes piling up on a table together to avoid the smell as much as we can.   I put up with it for a few weeks, but eventually I got exhausted of it and started working out of a different, inferior shop 25min walk away.   Today I returned to the shop, and the homeless guy was there. The barista asked me why I'd been gone for a few weeks, and I lied and said I was traveling. I got my coffee to-go, left and decided to work at home.   WIBTA if I told the shop I had left because of this smelly homeless guy, and I might not come back unless they do something about it? I'm hesitant to, because I know how tough it is for homeless folk to stay clean, especially mentally ill ones, and it's quite cold where I live, so I don't want to remove a safe space from him. But damn, it's nasty.
e8fts2	Posting on behalf of my Fiancé   TLDR: I don’t want a really old friend as a bridesmaid as we have drifted and she’s unreliable. She’s just got engaged too and wants to FaceTime and I’m anxious she will ask me to be her bridesmaid when I haven’t selected her and I am scared she will expect me to reciprocate and we will potentially fall out. WIBTA for not mentioning anything and just sending her an invite to my day  LONGGG version: I’ve had a friend for 19 years. She moved away 10 years ago and we stayed in touch. In the last 5 years I’ve visited her 4 times for long weekends and she has stayed with me 1 time but always says I need to go down and see her.  She has however stayed with other people near me for a while (1 time for 2 weeks) but can never spare more than 30 mins in that time to see me. Last week she was (no joke) 4 minutes drive away from my new house and didn’t bother to stop for tea. I found out via her partners facebook.  She got her first proper proper boyfriend 13 months ago. And our 2 x a week FaceTime calls have now become a total of 4 in the space of last 12 months. The frequency was a bit much previously but she was lonely and she needed it but the sudden drop off is huge. I know some people devote time to their partner and that’s fine. But I no longer feel we are that close and have realised we are only friends as we always have been and the memories rather than having things in common. To add to that when I called her to tell her I was engaged she quickly switched it to her hearing a rumour from her stepmum that she was soon to be engaged herself and that she was trying for a baby. So when selecting my bridesmaids I haven’t chosen her. Despite me having a sister she has always joked she would be my maid of honour. For her to not even be a bridesmaid I’m really anxious how it will go down ESPECIALLY if she then asks me to be hers. I’ve chosen 3 other bridesmaids. AITA?
e8fru2	I've been on reddit for quite some time and I have a few accounts (I just created this one).  My friends have known I use reddit for quite some time now and have asked to know my username in the past.  But, I told them I wasn't comfortable with giving them that information and that it was a thing I did just for myself.  In some of my posts on other accounts I talk about some of my issues with family, depression, and anxiety that I really didn't feel comfortable with them knowing.  The account my friend saw had no posts pertaining to that sort of stuff on there and my username for it is one I typically use so it might be my fault, but I still feel she violated some level of trust or respect by looking for it and sharing it with others. She brought it up to me the next day and pretty much made jokes about finding and my posts, but assured she me she told no one else. I was pissed then, but she told me I was overreacting and shouldn't worry about it since no one else knows. That was a lie. I asked a friend about it and he told me he knew about it from her while also letting him know not to tell me about her finding it or letting him know. I confronted her about it again and was pretty heated, but she still thinks it's just a minor thing. This is the same girl who knows I have trust issues and am pretty cautious of opening up to people, but always preaches to me that I can trust her and let my guard down with her. I know nothing really serious came from her finding it and I get that someone would be somewhat curious (I guess, but personally I wouldn't care what someone does on their time). I just feel upset and betrayed right now.  So, am I the asshole for being upset with her for looking and sharing  knowing I'm uncomfortable with this despite nothing major really coming from it?
e8frhe	 I bought my first house this year and the neighborhood I live in has a reoccurring problem with dogs roaming around. People on my street drive really fast and I have seen dogs almost get hit by oncoming cars - that alone makes me upset.  I have two big dogs. My shepherd got out twice, mainly because she is timid and has separation anxiety when left out there alone. Immediately I got a loan for a 6 foot fence and in the meantime I took her out on a leash whenever it was time for her to go to the bathroom to ensure she was safe.  Two particular dogs have been out for over a month. At first I thought they were strays but after talking to multiple neighbors, these dogs constantly get out and the neighbor does nothing about it. I have seen them fight with other roaming dogs, rile up all the dogs in the neighborhood when they are outside, and they have gotten into everyone's trash (including mine). I had no idea how to get in contact with the owners and thought that if they literally were outside 24/7 and I couldn't catch them myself to read the collar, then animal control needs to be involved to get them to safety. one of them also charged at me a couple times while I was trying to go to work.  I called animal control and they basically told me they won't send a dog catcher out for anyone - its just something my city isn't funding anymore.  So I go on Nextdoor and post pictures asking who owns the dogs. After about a week, the owner responds saying that her dogs get out of their 6 foot fence while they are at work and that "it must be nice to not have dogs that jump the fence" She said that she is a responsible dog owner and passive aggressively said she will clean up my trash.   Me: Are you leaving your dog outside while you're at work? Is your dog being let our without being monitored? My german shepherd does the same thing and my fiance and I both work. My dogs are crated when I am not home and when I am, my dog goes outside to use the bathroom and I check on my dogs periodically to make sure they aren't trying yo get out. Its one thing if it happens once or twice but I literally have seen your dogs constantly outside for the past month. You need to effectively solve the issue, whether that means stapling chicken wire to the bottoms of your fence and building coyote rollers like we did, or being outside whenever your dogs are outside - always. I have no doubt that you love your dogs but not only are your dogs causing commotion in the neighborhood, I have seen from my window, your dog almost getting run over. Please keep your dogs and other dogs safe and figure out how to solve the problem"  She thought I was being hateful and judgmental, and that I should be more understanding. I feel like maybe instead of coming off as argumentative, I should have been more educational, but I still feel like she deserved my comment regardless. AITA?
e8fo23	Nobody in my family lives close by.  Therefore, we try to get together for mini vacations once or twice a year (it’s usually pitched as “sibling weekend”) but one sibling always brings their kid (adult- mid twenties) who is a raging alcoholic.   The rest of us always have to pay for the kid because the kid never has any money and never has a job.  Nobody else’s kids are invited.   AITA for not wanting to go anymore?
e8fnkx	On October 31st I ordered a ring as a gift for my boyfriend. It was supposed to come to me (I go to college in a different state) in time for me to give it to him over Thanksgiving break. USPS is an asshole and for some reason on the 18th when they received it they sent it back (to China, where the seller is). He promptly sent it back out to me and gave me the new tracking number he'd received, but for some reason when I look up the new tracking number it gives me the same info as the old one did (ie it hasn't been updated since the 18th). I called USPS and was told it was received on the 18th and is "in transit" to the destination.  I told this to the seller and he said he contacted HIS postal carrier and they told him I have to get a "certificate on which it proved that \[I\] did not get the parcel" and then he would send me a new one. I've never heard of this and I have no idea where to get one, and since he's not from the U.S. I assume he doesn't know either. I opened an online inquiry as well but they haven't gotten back to me. I'm returning home tomorrow. I have no idea what to do and I'm so frustrated. I'm a broke college student and I had to get a separate gift for my boyfriend. I don't blame this at all on the seller—he's been incredibly accommodating and presumably ate the cost of sending out the package a second time after USPS returned it—but if I had known how stressful this whole process was going to be, I never would've ordered the stupid ring.  I feel like at this point the ring isn't coming any time soon, if at all. I just really want my money back and to not have to think about it any more. Since I won't be in the state, I won't be able to send the ring back to the seller so they'd be out the money AND the ring. If I had the money back, I'd just take my boyfriend to dinner or something. I've ranted to him about the situation and I'm confident he wouldn't be upset if I got a refund rather than going through more hassle, so I'm just worried about the seller. I've seen sellers complain on the Etsy subreddit about customers who open cases instead of being patient but he told me originally that it would be there by Nov. 18th, then when it got sent back to him he said it would arrive by Dec. 10th. Again I know it's not his fault that USPS sucks, but it's not mine either. Would I be the asshole if I opened a case with Etsy because I never got the package delivered, even though it wasn't the seller's fault?  TLDR; Ordered something on Etsy and haven't/won't get it. Not the seller's fault. AITA if I ask for refund?
e8fn4l	Over the weekend I woke up to a voicemail from my sibling which said “not that you would care but grandpa is dead.”   I am not on great terms with my family. My dad has a drinking problem and would frequently lash out and say harmful things. My sister (23) would follow his lead and also frequently lash out. After I recently got married I had enough. The last straw was my dad and sister lashing out at me and my wife over completely imaginary crimes we committed.  I decided to cut them out of my life for a while. I tried to put up boundaries and told them they could not speak to me and my wife in a harmful manner but they didn’t respect that.   After a couple months of no contact I started to feel much better. My anxiety greatly reduced and my overall mental state improved.  Now with the recent passing of my grandfather, the idea of seeing my family fills me with anxiety. I would rather pay respects alone and not attend the funeral but that might make me an asshole. I feel horrible about not attending but I’m not very close to any of my uncles or aunts.  AMITA? Is it acceptable to pay respects on my own time and avoid my toxic family?
e8fm9a	Hello! Throwaway here!  I have a small group of friends, and the rest of them have a secret that they say they can’t share with me. I don’t really mind this, of course they’re allowed to have a secret. But, well the main issue, is that every time we talk, they are all talking about this secret. Each time I try to talk I just got ignored. And recently, on group chats we have, they ignore all of my comments and messages and just talk to each other. So I’m feeling a bit left out. Recently, I told them how I felt, and most, again, ignored me whilst the other just called me selfish for it. Im not trying to make them share everything with me, I just want to be included in the conversations. Am I being selfish?
e8flld	So my mom passed away a little bit ago. I am the next of kin.  My mother had joint ownership with her partner of their house. (they were not legally married.) So the co-signer gave me all her bills and told me I was responsible for telling everyone she had passed.  So I did. Granted also, I’m 28. I never owned a house, I don’t own anything but my car and a credit card.  She has about 7k+ in credit card debt. The one credit card company asked if she had an estate. I said not that I’m aware of. They started asking if she owned any property, this that yadda yadda. I am almost 100% certain I never said she has an estate, but I did give them her partners info to contact her cause frankly I don’t know what I’m fucking doing?  Well I guess now, from my understanding they could put a lien on the house for her owed debt.  Wouldn’t they have found out eventually even if I didn’t give the contact info that she owned property when she was alive?  There was no will and no named executor.  The co-signer is now trying to sell the house.  I would feel pretty bad if the co-signer can’t sell the house because of the lien put on the house. (I just learned what this was today.)  I know the partner has contacted a lawyer. I just don’t know what I’m doing with all this. Is this something the partner should be handling anyways? I don’t know, but I feel shitty and wanna know if I did something wrong.  Should I have known better being 28 and not have said anything at all?
e8fkzq	     I know it sounds terrible, but it’s complicated. So I’m 19, recently I gained about 15 pounds. Going from 120 to 135, I’m a bit above average heigh at 5’6. My parents are aware of this. My parents went Christmas shopping, on the phone asked if I like adidas sweats. I say, “yeah I do, I wear a large. I used to wear a medium but I gained a bit of weight.” Cool. At dinner my mother is telling me that she got the receipts Incase something doesn’t fit, I feel like the way she was talking to me was implying that they probably won’t. I gained weight I know, but I’m actually happy with it. I went from just being thin to actually being happy with how I look.      Anyway so I opened my presents today. My reason for doing this is because of my father. My mother and i can talk about what we got before etc, and are understanding that people won’t always like what they get, but my father gets upset if someone doesn’t like their gifts, and he doesn’t want to have any part in picking out what he gets. I got him some nascar stuff and her some MK purses. I won’t say I don’t like something, but my parents can normally tell somehow. I guess I’m not good of an actor. I opened my presents early, because I had a feeling my father wouldn’t  be happy when he saw my face open my presents, which he got me multiple size small in sweatpants. Now that I know he got me two sizes too small when I told him what size I wear, I’ll be able to avoid the initial disappointment.      My mother is pretty understanding about this sort of thing, and I was thinking about messaging her and telling her that he got two sizes too small, and that this makes me feel a bit fat, and asking her to change the size before Christmas so I can fit into at least something? This would avoid me having to tell my father that none of the stuff he got me fit, which would probably upset him on Christmas. And I’m not too happy about it either tbh, they constantly remind me about the weight gain and try to make me feel bad about it. And tell me that I need to start working out again. Maybe them buying multiple sizes too small is their way of encouraging me to lose weight.
e8fjo3	My sister in law is trying to be an organic GMO-free Pinterest mom. Good luck to her with that.   We rotate who hosts Christmas every year and it’s their year.   We have traditional things everyone makes every year (e.g., Grandma makes cornbread and decorates Christmas cookies with the kids, there’s an aunt who always makes a broccoli cheddar soup everyone loves)   My sister in law sent out an email saying they “don’t really do sugar” and are gluten free and “check for the GMO-free project label, otherwise we’ll be unable to use the ingredient in the kitchen” going so far as to send a photo of the label.   I was irritated at first, but it was neither here nor there because I figured “whatever, next year it’ll be at Aunt Broccoli Cheese’ house and this will be a non issue.”   But then I visited my gran and she’s 86 so checks her email like once a month and hadn’t seen this yet. Her face fell and she didn’t really understand SIL’s reasoning and said “well, it’s their house I suppose it’s not my place to make a fuss. I thought the grandbabies liked making cookies together...” and that broke my fucking heart.   I assured her she misunderstood and we called them up and SIL said it was just too much unnecessary sugar and the kids would be too hyped up and how about they make clay cookies instead.    Apparently my aunt had also called SIL up about the soup, because she’s made it every year for 17 years, and SIL said all she had to do was make it without the cheese and she doesn’t understand what the big deal is.   I called my brother up and asked why the other 15 people attending should forgo their traditions because his wife is going through a phase and if he wants we can host it somewhere else. He said he doesn’t understand why everyone is being such assholes about this.   I’ve been thinking about it all day. On the one hand it’s their house and it’s a valid thing, but on the other hand, we’ve got plenty of relatives in their late 80’s and I can’t really fault them for wanting to keep their traditions.   AITA for insisting we bring the food we always have?
e8fhb0	I  want to start by saying that there's a lot of context for this  situation and I tried my best to make it all fit into this post.  I  got pregnant by accident when me and my partner were both 20 and had  just started college. We were using protection but it happened anyway. I  considered getting an abortion but after going through a clinic and  talking to the doctor I realized I couldn't do it. My partner supported  my decision and we moved on to telling our parents. His parents were not  happy at all, in fact, they kicked him out of the house and said that  he could only come back if he got rid of his sins. By that, they meant  he could only go back if he dumped me and our child. Had it not been for  my parents we would have been pretty much fucked.  Now  we both finished college, got out jobs and our daughter is 7 years old.  The only grandparents she knows are my parents. In the middle of  February my partner's sister got in touch with him. She wanted to check  up on him - she was very young when he got kicked out - and see how  things had turned out for him. Once she learned that he was still with  me and our daughter she asked to meet us. I knew they used to be close  and that he missed her so I went along with it. After that she started  regularly messaging and calling us.  Then  one day she says that their parents want to reconnect with my partner.  He was conflicted but ended up agreeing to meet them. He comes back and  tells me that they changed completely, the switched churches and the  pastor said that what they did in the past was very wrong and that they  should do better now while they can still make a change. It didn't take  long for them to start questioning about his family and his marital  status. Once they found out that he was still with me and unmarried they  kinda lost it and said that if he wants to stay with me that's fine but  he needs to get married because as it is our family is living in sin.  My  partner cut off contact with them until his they started to ask for  forgiveness because they had "fallen back into their old ways". He  decided to forgive them again and not long after that they started to  ask to meet our daughter. They say it's going to be good to have her be a  link between the two families so that we can start to mend the gap. My  partner thinks it's a great idea. Me? Not so much. First I don't want  her to be around when they "fall back into their old ways", I also don't  want her to be used as a tool for healing something that they should be  doing by themselves. My partner thinks I'm not being reasonable and  that we should let her choose. But for that to happen she would need to  know the entire situation up until this point and my partner doesn't  want to do that because she's too young. I agree, she's too young so for  now I don't want her to meet them. AITA?  &#x200B;  Edit: This got a lot more attention than I thought so I want to thank everyone who took the time to not only reply to it but also to give advice. I also want to make it clear that I don't think my husband is an asshole for wishing to have his parents back, I completely understand his situation.   I'll try and pass on the advice that I received and apply it to our lives. One thing is for certain, his parents will have to work a lot to meet our daughter. I will also look into the legal sides of things that some people have brought up. The priority is our daughter as it should be.
e8fge6	English is not my first language and I am on mobile.   I(34) married my husband(40) last year, he have a daughter (14) from a previous marriage.   My husband thinks I am the asshole for not giving her the IPhone 11 and the airpods that she asked me for, but I will give my nephew a 1.2k notebook for christmas. Her solo gift will cost me the something like 2.9k dollars. (I am not from USA, IPhones here is luxury item, and is quite expensive).   I told her and told my husband I wouldn't do it, I think both of them took it as a joke until yesterday. Me and my husband was at the mall, I told I need to go at the Apple store. All I need was a charger for my iPad. He asked me if I would buy the phone on the store or online and I told him that was no way I spending all that money on a phone for a 14yo. He got mad again and I came home alone.    He tried to argue with me again and to use my nephew notebook as a excuse   1. My nephew got a full scholarship for a programming course that my brother wouldn't have money enough to pay. My brother came to ask me for money as loan, my nephew didn't asked for a new notebook but he notice that it wasn't fulfilling all his needs. Instead of giving he a loan I compromise myself on give a new notebook to him. It's a surprise he doesn't even dream about it.   2. This year I had to go to her school three times, because she was using the phone on the class and disturbing the others.   3. Her phone is a galaxy s9, she received it last year, have some scratches but is working pretty well.   4. He told me that her daughter deserve a gift expensive as I am giving to my nephew, because is not fair I am giving her less.   5. I already brought her present, 2 sets of books. Throne of glass and Court of Thorns and Roses all the books, I know she liked the author and wanted the books. The nine books cost me 250 dollars, and I think that's a fair price for a gift.   Anyway, my husband and his ex thinks I am the asshole. So Reddit am the asshole?
e8fbpp	So my wife and I are in our late 20s, and last night we were out drinking a bit. I had a drink or two when this young, clearly drunk guy (probably about 21) comes over and starts harassing my wife. It started with semi harmless flirting but quickly escalated to him outright harassing her. She just sort of ignored him but I told him to fuck off.  He reacted poorly and tried to get closer to my wife so I stood in between them, he kept verbally harassing her so I told him “to shut his mouth or I’d shut it for him”. This phrase in particular apparently upset my wife, because she thought it was too threatening to say in public. No one around us seemed to unsettled, so I don’t see the issue, but she wants me to not do it again. My opinion is if someone is outwardly harassing her and she’s not gonna fix it herself, that it’s good that I do something about it. AITA?
e8f456	My friend had a problem with rent, he got kicked out of the apartment, and I told him that I can help him by staying In my place until he finds a place, he kept on saying that if I kick him out he'd be homeless, he had no money to stay, he kept on using my coins to buy stuff for himself, and kept on using my money to buy stuff, one night he ended up leaving his ipad on top of the heater, he was out, I've turned on the heater without noticing it was there, it broke and all the parts are melted, I said I'll pay for it when I have the money, I asked him to find a place, but he said that he wanted to stay for a long time, and sleeping on my bed with loud music etc, but fast forward three weeks since the ipad incident,and the landlord ended up noticing that he was there, and kicked us all out, he didn't believe me when I told him and was very angry, even called me a ni*** (I'm African), and I had to rent an apartment, you can follow how  that went here(long long story)  https://www.reddit.com/r/hungary/comments/e6y24l/is_my_landlord_allowed_to_do_this   he didn't help me in anyway, so now I'm refusing to pay him for anything, so am i the asshole?  Tl;Dr invited a friend, accidentally burnt his ipad, and now I'm refusing to pay him after some incidents.
e8ezi3	TL;DR at bottom.  Basically, I (16F) sing in a school band of sorts alongside a girl in the year below me, I don’t know her very well, but we’ve always been friendly towards each other and I think and have said that her voice is lovely.   We had a performance on Saturday in front of our school. Unluckily for this girl, despite her nice voice she has a limited range that meant that she had to switch between octaves/registers while performing.   I should add that this group is run by a teacher - I have **absolutely no input on who gets what part or what each part entails.**  Basically, she’s been blaming the fact that the piece was exclusively in octaves on me, saying that a) I was flat throughout the performance b) I forced her to sing the low part and c) I told her she had to sing in octaves.  None of this is true - whether my voice is nice or not is obviously subjective, but I know I was not out of tune or flat.  I don’t have to interact with her much, but what she’s saying *is* getting back to me through my friends. Which does bother me.   I can understand the desire to blame mistakes/imperfect performances on someone else, but I’m still somewhat annoyed by the fact that she feels she has to make up things about me to justify any difficulties she’s had.  I’m also cautious about fuelling the stereotypical girl versus girl conflict - the only thing I’ve done so far is send her a message on SnapChat telling her she sounded nice on Saturday.   So, is it worth confronting/asking her about this? Saturday was the first time I did a large live performance for my school and I feel as though the happy aspect of that is being somewhat tainted.  TL;DR another girl has been making things up about my choices within our band in order to excuse her own performance errors. Should I tell her to stop?  **petty update** - I got a role in the musical and she didn’t. Boom.
e8exmc	I feel as though everyone is against me on this and I'm not sure if I'm in the wrong for doing this.  I've been close friends with this guy (M) for over 5 years and M recently got a girlfriend (GF) a few months ago. I never really had a problem with GF in the beginning but M started to change the more he dated GF, M started acting stressed, depressed and generally a bad mood. Today I found out that M had started cutting himself, so I asked if he was ok and what was wrong, M didn't say much so I left it alone. When I got home I got a text from GF yelling at me asking why I asked M why he had cut himself. Now M has been in love with GF since the beginning so they both feel pretty strongly of their bond, after a bit of texting with GF I come to find out that GF didn't care if M would cut himself, giving the reason that M had no other options as well as her having cut before so she knew what it was like. I got really mad at her because like all of my friends I really care about M and never want to see him hurt himself, so I went to ask another one of M's close friends what he thought to which he said," Don't get mad at GF and destroy her because that'll destroy M in the process.". I told him that I'd rather destroy M but stop him from hurting himself rather than let Gf let him hurt himself. I'm not sure if it the right decision but I just want the best for M  and GF doesn't seem to care. So am I the asshole?
e8ex7l	For context, I am 17 and most likely agnostic. My mother is very religious (Roman Catholic), and my dad is also agnostic or lowkey Buddhist but he let my mom raise my siblings and me Catholic. I have gone to Catholic school from K-8, altar served for seven years, lectored for six, and go to Mass every Sunday.  I hate going to Mass. I don’t mind altar serving or lectoring because that means I can sit away from my mom (who is a terrible singer and it grates on my ears), and having tasks to do during that boring hour makes the time go by so much faster.  Unfortunately, on days that I am not doing either of those, I have to sit with my family. My two younger siblings (15/13) like to take their phones to the bathroom, claiming they need to take a huge ass shit for half the Mass. Whenever I’m REALLY not feeling it, I do the same citing heavy period problems.  I also leave one earbud in during Mass so I don’t fall asleep. My mom always gets mad whenever any of us fall asleep during church, thinking that we stayed up too late. Sometimes, that IS the case—but most of the time, it’s because the sermon drags on forever, and the priest is monotonous. In all my seventeen years of going to Mass, I have not ONCE paid attention during the entirety of church.  The only reason I don’t complain about going to church is because I still live under my parents’ roof and going to church on Sundays is probably going to be a non-negotiable thing until I graduate high school. I made it clear to my mother (trying not to start an argument, but just so she knows) that I do not believe in God and will not be going to church on Sundays anymore, and though she hasn’t argued with me about it, I can tell she’s a little bit unhappy. I hope she knows that my siblings aren’t going to be devout Catholics after they graduate, either; they’re even worse than me about church (especially the middle kid who is the most vocal about it). My mom and her siblings were also raised Catholic, but she was the only one who remained Catholic.  I feel a bit ungrateful, though. My parents spent all that money to send three children to Catholic school from K-8, only for none of them to want to continue being Catholic after leaving the home. My mom constantly says I’ll probably change my mind when I become an adult, but I really don’t think so. I’d rather spend a couple hours of my Sundays volunteering than sitting in a pew for an hour daydreaming about what I’ll do when I get home. AITA for not wanting to go to church after I graduate?
e8ewbv	Am I the asshole for hating my autistic brother?  I'm a 14-year-old living with my family, of course. Lately, my autistic brother has just been somewhat of an asshole to everybody lately. He's 15 and lives with us. Every day when we drop him off at school, he has intense mood swings. Just last week he was saying things like "Love you mom!" and things like that, but when we were in the car he took my mom's coffee and spilled it all over me on purpose. Like, he physically picked it up and tossed it onto me. Then the next morning, he took my mom's coffee again and spilled it all over her on purpose. He always gets away with it, saying things like "Oh, it was just an accident!" and all of that.  About a month ago, he started to randomly walked into my room and start doing Fortnite dances.... yep. Fortnite dances. Then he would wait outside of my room and wait until I left, and when I did, he would go onto my computer and look up pornography, then tell our mom saying things like "He's doing this!!!" and "He's doing that!!!"  I got fed up with it and recorded him doing it. Then, I showed my mom, and she didn't get furious about it. She just said, "Oh, he's fine..." and things like that. Then, one day, when he came into my room and did random things, I flipped. I yelled at him saying things such as "fuck off," and "get the hell out of my room!"  AITA?
e8epo8	My sister (25) and I(20) are currently living with our uncle. My mother (52)  lives in a little house with her mother(70)  in the back of my uncles house.    We currently talked about the situation with my mother. She has a car payment of $500 and told us she wouldn’t be able to help pay rent because she can’t “afford it”.  My mother has always been the type to save money and act like she has never had any. She specifically told my sister and I that we would have to pay rent because she can’t “stay on her feet too long.”   She previously was going to dip on us for some random guy in the beginning and she quit her job. He ended up being a catfish.(despite all the signs we gave her and even had proof that he was one, but she’s was too gullible and did it anyways.) Then proceeded to yell at us for the situation we’re in.  She told us she was going to live with our brother who lives 4hrs away.   Backstory on my mother:   She’s very toxic. I sometimes think that she is bipolar. She can be super manipulative. Never wanted to work a day in her life. Lasted not even a month at her previous job. She’s never “wrong”.    I’m not degrading her.  But would I be the asshole  if I completely shut her out and move to the city with my sister to begin our lives?
e8ep0g	  TLDR: a friend owes me money and when I asked her for it long after the agreed upon payment date, she ghosted me. So I’m considering taking her to small claims court but other friends think that’s an asshole move.  The long version:  A close friend of mine was trying to grow her business as a horse trainer by purchasing retired racehorses, putting some training on them and selling.  She bought a horse with me in mind as a surprise although I really wasn’t in the market. I ended up buying that horse from her at 4 times what she paid for it and she only put 6-8 rides on him. She also failed to mention that he had ulcers so I’ve spent another 3k on diagnostics and treatment. But it is what it is and I ended up with a great horse and helped her business.  A few months after I bought my horse, she found another prospect but didn’t have the cash to buy him and asked if I would. We discussed and came to the agreement that I’d give her the purchase money, she’d put 30 days on him, sell and pay me back.  That was Feb 2019. Expected turnaround for payment was March/April.   In April, she filed for divorce and was busy selling her house and moving so wasn’t riding. I understood that time and money were very tight especially given she has kids so I didn’t push.  All summer she vacationed and partied like a 21YO. No riding. I inquired and she said it was “too hot to ride”.  In September I asked about when she was going to get him sold and she told me that her assistant really wanted the horse. Great! Let’s sell!  Only assistant doesn’t have much money and would I just “gift”. Fuck no. I didn’t get a deal on my horse, in fact I paid many times more! And this horse I bought to help her out. Not even asking to split profit. Just wanted the seed money back!    Last month, she remarried her ex husband and moved again. Still has horse.  I’ve texted and messaged. She wrote back saying that I should be more understanding of their “family circumstances”.   At this point, she isn’t responding to texts or calls. So I’m thinking about filing in small claims.  I have documentation of the agreement and I feel like I’ve been more than patient.  But....several other people I’ve discussed this with think it would be a total asshole move. She’s been through a lot, etc.  I really don’t want to be a jerk. I just want my money. I’m not wealthy. I keep about 3k in play for rescue, rehab, rehome activities for horses and dogs and friend knows this. I can’t help anyone else til I replenish the fund and I’ve had a lot of unexpected expenses with the horse I bought from her. So I’m just kind of pissed. And I need the money.  So...WIBTA if I took her to court?
e8enpc	My mom passed in 2012. A man who I've never spoken to reached out to me via facebook to let me know he was my bio dad and wanted to build a relationship. I was 19 and distraught by my mothers death so I never replied. I also have a father anyways- the man who raised me.  Curiosity got me thinking so I looked him up on facebook and we started to chat. He says he has been thinking of me regularly and would like to get to know me. The thing is, my mother told me as a kid who my bio father was, his name, his profession, etc. Either she cheated on him and never told and he's unaware or some other wild reason as to why he thinks he is my dad. Would I be the asshole to tell him he isn't?
e8enme	So one of my best female friends always invites me over to hang out at her apartment (she doesn't drive at the moment) and I usually decline and make an alternative suggestion to go out and do something instead.  My reasoning is largely that I just don't feel comfortable at her place being that she is not particularly tidy.  I always pick her up at her house to drive us wherever we go and have never mentioned WHY I won't stay over at her place, but lately I think she is starting to take it personally.   Her bathroom is always grimy, kitchen full of dirty dishes and messes, couch and living room are always unkempt with empty cups and miscellaneous stuff all over, and it's just generally dirty like nothing has ever been wiped down or vacuumed.  She shares a lot about her sex life with her ex boyfriend which included a lot of marathon activities in and about the living room couches, a boyfriend who she admitted had bedbugs at his apartment in the past, so let's throw all that that in the mix with my unease.  She usually wants me to come over to drink and just hang out and spend the night, but I can't imagine feeling comfortable enough to stay there for a long time, let alone sleep there overnight.  Look I'm not perfect and I have my own weeks when things in the house go code red, but I am pretty considerate about cleaning things before people come so AITA to expect the same of others or should I just bite the bullet to make her happy?
e8eguz	Me and a friend (we will call her Sarah) planned on living together for our last year of university. We househunted over summer and found a place we both liked, and moved in at the end of September of this year.   Move in day was about 10 weeks ago and it was the last time I saw Sarah, when we collected the keys at the letting agency. She has been living at her boyfriend's house full time and I believe she has only spent one or two nights here so far. I went into her bedroom a few weeks into the tenancy to make sure the lights were turned off before I went away on a trip and saw that it was pretty much empty aside from furniture. All of her things are at her boyfriend's house.  When I finally got her to respond to my messages she basically told me that this house is only a plan B, incase her relationship goes bad and she can't live with her boyfriend anymore. But it was always her plan to stay with him full time. I didn't let her know that this hurt my feelings because I expected living with my best friend to be a fun adventure. The reality is that I live alone and she doesn't speak to me - avoids my messages, actually. Probably because:  I got the first gas and electricity bills and didn't like the fact that she was not contributing, so I asked her to pay half. She ignored this message.   These bills are based on usage, so I am aware that the money owed is by my gas cooker usage, use of the hot water, electricity, etc. However, there is a standing charge of about £20/month just for these energies to begin to be provided to the household. When the heating is on, her bedroom is being heated whether she is in it or not. She has stayed a few nights here that I know of, and quite possibly more, because I am often on 2-3 day trips away from home so I don't know.   I think it's only fair that she should help me towards these bills. I signed up to live with her under the impression that we would be splitting utility costs like this.  WIBTA if I demanded that she pay even if she is, for the most part, never here?  Edit - the rent was paid in advance, it's just utility bills being paid now. I also pay for Wi-Fi, which I have changed the password to. If she ever asks to access the Internet, I will tell her she will have to reimburse me half of the total monthly payments I have made so far. I think that's fair. But maybe I'm an asshole.
e8eezc	I have a history test tomorrow and I've been studying for it the past few days. For those interested it covers the collapse of the western Roman empire to the christian conquest of Spain.  Anyway, I agreed with a friend of mine while I was at school that I would help him studying for the test. And so I did. I hopped into a discord call and k our discord session I really did not want to do more. I was also really looking forward to taking a bath.   I told him I've already helped him quite a bit and that I really didn't want to do it again.  He said it wad ok, but he did say he wanted to get a good grade on the test. I felt guilty instantly but my bath was filling up and, as I said, I really was looking forward to it.   AITA for not helping? I really don't know what to think.
e8ecrp	My fiance and I live together in a 2/2 apartment and currently have rent split 60/40 with me paying 60% and her paying 40%. This is mostly because she can't afford any more than that with her retail supervisor job, and I technically *can* afford to do it, but it leaves me with no savings at the end of the month. Everything else is split 50/50, even groceries and the like.  I'm about to get a substantial salary adjustment (it's wayyy overdue) and I'd be going from 36k to 60k. At first, she jokingly said things like 'now you can pay off my credit card' or 'now we can go on that vacation to \_\_\_\_' etc. Implying that I would be paying for it all because I definitely don't want my own money.  It hasn't come up yet, but I know when rent comes due after my adjustment, WIBTA if I said no to paying an even higher percentage? My thought process is I'm NTA because we agreed on a 60/40 split and its been working out fine. If I make more, she can still afford her aforementioned 40%. But, I also think I WBTA if I didn't chip in more because I could afford to.  Edit: I feel I should also note that she saves a couple hundred a month after bills and everything while I save a *lot* less. If anything, I'm currently the one living paycheck to paycheck even though I make more. This money we save each month is after taking into account a bit of 'fun' money where we would spend it on eating at a fancy restaurant or going to a movie, etc..
e8eab0	I feel really bad about this. This happened on Friday.   My coworker, Sally, is a nice girl but I has a lot of traits that I personally find annoying. One of them is her eating: she CANNOT eat with her mouth closed (or has not demonstrated that she can). She loudly smacks and licks her lips whenever she eats, which is almost constantly through the day (can relate to that). She also really loudly slurps her drinks. I don't have a diagnosed issue like misophonia (if im spelling that right), but these sounds are really distracting and unpleasant. Even with my headphones in I can hear her since we share a cube.   We had a lunch meeting on Friday and she was eating/drinking quite loudly, and I couldn't hear what my other coworker was saying. I accidentally said "can you repeat that? I couldn't hear you over Sally" and immediately felt so guilty. People laughed, others looked uncomfortably around. Someone made a comment about that being how Sally always eats. Sally was clearly taken aback and kinda offended. She later asked me if her eating is why I don't ever accept her lunch invitations (which is why, but I denied it). She hasn't come in yet today, but I'm dreading it and feel like such an asshole.
e8e854	This just happened. I'm in the main through lane heading towards the exit at Costco and the minivan in front of me suddenly stops and puts on his turn signal to turn left. Problem is, he missed the last parking row by about 2 car lengths and instead of just circling around, he backed into my car. Very slowly. While I was laying on my horn. I couldn't back up because of the other cars behind me.   People are waving their arms and the guy just doesn't stop. He barely makes the turn and I pulled up aside him. Rolled down my window and said " you hit me." Confused look from him. I ask the lady who watched the entire thing "did you see him hit me?" She says not 100% because she couldn't see due to the angle he was at and that I could have backed up a little in a snotty tone. I say to minivan man "sir, you can't just start backing up in traffic because you miss a turn. Just go around next time." He yells "well, did I hit you?!??!" very angrily. I say yes but it was just a tap. Be more careful. And I left.  I could have backed up maybe 4-5 feet but I would have been a centimeter from the car behind me. AITA for confronting a confused old man?
e8duqb	I'm feeling pretty crappy about the whole situation.  The other day I was supposed to take my kid to his game which I had been looking forward to for quite awhile.  Then the day of my wife surprises me and tells me we are going somewhere special for my birthday, and that we would have to miss his game.  I later find out that we are going to a concert and the tickets cost a fortune.  So no backing out.   I appreciate my wife's for wanting to do something special, but I'm not a fan of the genre of music.  I try to put on a brave face and fake my way through it, but I was unhappy during the entire concert and drive back.  Anyway, wife was acutely aware of my mood and is really hurt that I wasn't happy about the whole experience, and now I feel like a jerk for not appreciating the effort.
e8du37	 Some backstory:  I went out with this person for about a year and only stopped dating them last year because I wasn’t interested any more. I dumped her over text (shit move I know ) at which point she turned into a sociopath and she got her mom to call my mom. We “made up” and were “friends” for a while. But she tried to tear me and my best friend apart (she is a girl) and told everyone I dumped her for my best friend (not true) but we made up after that.     Now everyone thinks she is a bitch and a teachers pet but I can’t help but think I caused that.     Anyway back to the present, me and previously mentioned best friend now try and avoid her at all costs and pretend to be nice to her but we all hate her.     Reddit  am I the asshole
e8dtzt	I recently got a new job which allows me to afford my own place in Orange County, CA. I told me existing roommate about plans to move out as I'm on month to month but she begged me to stay until June and I agreed. We get along great but she has her daughter part time and I knew that going in which is why the rent is only 700/month with all utilities included. I've been living there for about a year but I am over her daughter always watching family guy, the simpsons, etc almost non stop when she's there and just being loud in general. When I come home from work I just want to have peace and quiet which doesn't happen with the tv blasting all night.  I've tolerated it for the most part as I watch them too but not back to back to back all night long (literally waking up in the middle of the night and it's still on). I've told my roommate my thoughts of this very nicely and she agreed but doesn't do anything about it. There's only one bathroom on top of all this. Now I'm being told that she will have her daughter full time as her dad is not doing his job of taking care of her. I told her that I'm not faulting her for taking care of her own but I'm going to start to look for a new place now rather June. AITA?
e8dt9f	Has to resubmit as it wasn’t aimed towards one particular person.  In my country (UK) it’s illegal for anyone not to wear a seat belt. Children up to a   As a driver you may get a fine of £500 and three penalty points for not wearing your seat belt. If you are carrying a child under 14 without the proper restraint you are liable for a fine of £500 and three penalty points.  So if I’m driving and I see children without ear belts on, I tell the driver/passenger. Am i the asshole or should I just leave it? I don’t scream/shout, just tug at my seat belt and point at kid. Wind down the window if they don’t understand.   Generally it’s been ok apart from this one family. Their kid was standing between the partners (both wearing seat belts). So I actually did my horn and pulled at my seat belt and pointed at the kid. He didn’t understand so I wound down my window and said seatbelt. The father was really dismissive and didn’t tell the kid to put on the seat belt. We all drive stick (manual) in the uk and low impact can cause damage (going forward and landing on the stick).    Info: I care because it’s my nhs tax money spent on injuries, they are children (I don’t care about adults) and it’s also car insurance premiums go up.  Info: I don’t put myself or others in danger. It’s only when I’m stoped and can catch their attention or when I’m walking through a certain supermarket.   Info: police don’t fine anyone. I tried to call the non emergency helping as some boys were driving in circles around a car park and they were sat of the roof, hanging out the windows etc. I couldn’t get through to the police and left. The police actually came into the car park and I asked if they were to see the youths in the car. The police said no and I explained the car wasn’t taxed/MOT etc. Police still didn’t care. England is lawless tbh.
e8drb4	So this might require more info than I have available but it's kinda been bothering me for a bit now.  Last month, my fraternity was having a bit of a pregame before we went out to a bar and some girls showed up. This one girl, let's call her sarah, showed up. Now Sarah is always fun to talk to and pretty cute so I offered to make her her a drink which is a combination of liquor and soda. Tastes really good but can also get you pretty drunk. Now it was no secret what was in this drink:s he knew exactly what was going into it.   Here is where we may need some more info because I don't know if she was drinking before she came by, so I'm not sure what led to this, but after drinking what I gave her, which had probably about 2 shots in it, she was super drunk. After getting to the bar she vomited within 5 minutes, and was kicked out. I Ubered back with her and got her to bed,  but am I at fault for not being more careful with how much I put in her drink?
e8dq41	I never talked to this guy in highschool, he was older than me. We had band together for 2 years. He added me on Facebook a few months ago and this past weekend he messaged me telling me I'm beautiful, I've always been beautiful, and he closed it will "I need the reason." He asked me out and for my number, I gave it to him. The more I texted with him the more he talked about going through a bad time, he never asked me any questions, only talked about making me "the reason," which he finally expanded on and said it was the reason to live life. I didn't know how to carry on the conversation because he didn't ever ask me anything, he didn't really continue the conversation other than telling me he wants to see me, he drinks every day, people disagree with him drinking, etc. So I stopped responding. I feel like a jerk, but I think it's weird to reach out and then basically tell them you want them to be the reason you're living, I don't know if that means he wants to die or not. I can't handle that, I don't ever want to handle something like that and I also have no idea what it even means to be honest, I didn't want to ask, I don't know if I should, etc. Was that a jerk move of me??
e8dp6m	So, dumb issue but it’s been bothering me for a while. This past semester at university I’ve gotten quite close to a male friend, I’ll call him Sean. Sean is energetic, genuine, and his sense of humour is similar to my little brother (who I miss dearly while I’m at school). He is half a decade younger than me, but we’re in the same program and our personalities mesh pretty well.  The thing is, I’ve known for a while that his feelings aren’t exactly on the same level of platonic as mine. A few of his friends have implied that he’s told them and he has made a few comments. I’ve tried to drop hints such as talking about how I really am over the whole dating thing, or that I never date people younger than me (which is true for the record, it’s just a preference I can’t explain), and have genuinely tried my best to never lead him on because I am just not attracted to him. I can’t ever see a relationship even being established.  A couple weeks ago a former friend of mine tried to spark a rumour that we were actually screwing, with emphasis on my supposed promiscuity in order to indirectly ‘slut-shame’ me, and things have been weird with Sean ever since. After he approached me about the rumour and I (mistakenly?) exclaimed that it was ridiculous that a guy and a girl can’t just be friends, he then avoided me for days and only recently have we talked and hung out.  I feel guilty about continuing to spend time with him but he’s become one of my closest friends on campus. Am I an absolute ass for continuing to be his friend? It’s not as if he’s openly asked me out and I’ve rejected him, that would end the friendship all on its own.
e8dmxp	Last month I was in a hit and run, the only accident I've had in 12 years of driving.  The other driver was eventually found and 100% at fault. I missed one day of work the day after the accident.  This morning I had a sudden, severe muscle spasm, lost my balance and fell hard. I hit my head, had amnesia, have large bruises. Obviously went to the ER via ambulance and did not go into work today either. After returning home, I Facetimed my mom. Her first response was, "I hope you don't get fired." This was not unexpected, she catastrophizes often, but without even a preface about if I'm okay, medical prognosis, etc., really pissed me off. I said goodbye and then hung up.  I’ve always had excellent work attendance. I own my home, am in part-time grad school, and consider myself to be doing pretty damn good. I've had four jobs in the past 2 years, but no employment gaps. I resigned on good terms with glowing references, each was to accept a much better offer and doubled my salary in 2 years. My parents think it’s too many jobs, they're the "stick it out" types, thinking loyalty is rewarded, when this isn’t how today’s job market functions.  We've spoken about similar comments made in the past. Occasionally she apologizes, sometimes argues, always claims she "can't help it." I tell her that's simply not true, try having more empathy or just keep inconsiderate comments to herself.  They're also absent from important events in my life. They didn't come to my college graduation, citing a long flight and disappointment that I didn't play sports  senior year - despite graduating from a top 10 university, highest honors, full scholarship. I'm a good son. I give thoughtful birthday cards and gifts. Last Christmas I paid all expenses for a European river cruise they'd been talking about. I live an hour away from them, but immediately go over to troubleshoot any household or IT issues they often have.  I'm gay and came out in my mid-teens. They were fairly supportive, but there's always been a subtle shame. They insist I don't comment on my sexuality around their friends/neighbors. After 2 years of dating my now husband, I tried to arrange a dinner for them to meet for the first time since I was considering proposing soon. I made 5 reservations in a month and they cancelled last minute every time. They were decent at my wedding, but it was expensive (I paid for it), and I think their pride at the glamour of the event outweighed their shame.  My sister hasn't spoken to them for years for similar reasons. They have suddenly ended several decades-long friendships, claiming themselves to have no fault whatsoever. Neither speaks to their siblings. An obvious pattern from their toxic bullshit. I think I’m getting the worst of it now since few others are left. AITA for seriously considering severing ties with my parents?
e8dksl	I fly a good bit and always check my bag (it’s free for me due to my status with the airline). This leaves me only carrying a backpack on the plane, which contains my laptop and other electronics. It technically will fit under the seat in front of me, but I prefer to store my backpack in the overhead bin as I enjoy having the extra legroom under my seat.   My flight today is completely full, and due to this overhead space is very limited. They are offering to check bags for people free of charge because there isn’t enough room for all the large rolling carryon bags, but people are refusing.  AITA for taking up overhead bin space on a full flight?
e8dk7j	I am currently in the last semester of a theatre degree. My classmates and I are rehearsing our final play which will be presented to the public in the local comunity theatre. There are 10 of us and we have made 5 teams - of two people each - which will each be taking care of a different aspect of the play (one of the teams will be the tech team, the other will be the production team, etc). Me and another girl will be the PR/advertisement team. As such, we need to talk to any potential sponsors, talk to the media, and create posters and banners to advertise the play. My classmates have hired a makeup artist and a photphrapher. I also want to hire someone to make the posters and banners because I don't know the first thing about graphic design. When I suggested this, my classmates responded with "no one said being part of the PR team was easy". I said that I am not refusing to do my job, I am simply saying that we should hire a graphic designer or a graphic design student to help us because this is a serious project, it's our first "professional" play, it will be open to the public and it's not another school project. My friend who's in the team with me said "look I know some graphic design students and I'll talk to them but of they refuse I will do it myself since you clearly don't want to". What the hell. I explained that we should hire someone not because I don't want to do it but because this is something that should be professionally done. As a member of the PR team, it is my job to find a way to get something done if I can't do it myself. Am I in the wrong here?
e8dk1g	Full disclosure - I understand that the title makes this seem like a validation post, it's not.   So my friend has severe depression and is going through a really rough patch right now, and as anyone who has it knows, one of the first things to go is keeping up on the house. When I struggled with really bad bouts of bipolar in the past, I completely let my home go to waste, I'm talking dishes piled everywhere, never done laundry, and dust bunnies that were more like dust huskies. It was gross. My friend's house is a lot like that now, and they've mentioned in the past how much it feels like everything is closing in on them but they just can't be bothered to clean, it feels like too much.   When I was suffering really badly my mom came over at one point and did a massive overhaul. It didn't cure my depression, obviously, but I didn't feel so completely overwhelmed and I at least felt cleaner and safer. HOWEVER, I remember at first being unreasonably angry at the fact that I felt like she didn't think I could take care of myself, or like she was judging me when I was struggling and just didn't want to spend time with me when I lived in a gross space. Obviously this isn't true, she loved me and wanted to help, but I felt it anyway and I don't want my friend to feel like that. I don't want it to sound like I'm judging her if I offer. So would I be the asshole if I offered to clean the house?
e8dhga	So me and my fiancé been tight on money. Like super tonight. We both have had major car issues in the last two months. His car is undrivable. Our insurance is gonna cover most of the cost. Leaving us with a 1000 dollar deductible. For us, that is a ton of money that neither of us have. Worst time for this to happen. Another thing. My fiancé just got the flu. And it hit him hard. He got sent home from work today, after just getting there.   Knowing that neither of us can afford it, I have tried to get a loan for the bills. I managed to get a small loan that’ll cover half the deductible, and get us groceries for the month. It was supposed to come in today, so I was going to Walmart for groceries. I checked my account when I got in there and realized I had a grand total of 80 dollars in my account. The loan still hasn’t come in. Great. Well I should be able to get enough for a few days.   I grabbed a day/nightquil package and some midol (since the red devil has decided to cause me unjust pain) and that alone was 25 bucks. Wtf Walmart. I grabbed the cheapest things I could find, enough for at least three dinners and some small lunches. Grand total 60 bucks.   I told my fiancé we would need to run to the dollar tree for a couple of things. And while I was in there he texted me he needed to use the restroom. I finished my shopping and sat waiting in the car. After 10-15 minutes he comes back with a wayback burger bag. I’m slightly annoyed that he bought food after we got groceries. But fine. One less meal I need to make today (he asked if I could make soup tonight, and that’s gonna take a bit) it was also lunch time and I figured if I was hungry, he was probably super hungry being sick.  He eats some of his fries and then pulls out the cheesiest grilled ham and cheese sandwich I’ve ever seen. I was a little confused he didn’t give me a sandwich, and he ate about half before lookin at me and offering me a bite. Cheese makes my stomach hurt, a lot. And I also hate the taste of it. I told him I couldn’t eat that, and he motioned to the bag with more food in his mouth. I looked, all that was left was his fries he hadn’t finished.   I was and still am kinda hurt he didn’t think that I might be hungry. Especially since I just bought groceries with what little money I have left. He’s picked up on my mood, and has asked why I “look so mean” I just have been ignoring it and put him to bed.   am I the asshole here? Or do I have the right to be upset about this? TLDR/Annoyed that fiancé didn’t get me food after I just bought groceries for food that he requested  *edit. I never expect him to get me food. But when we're both out together it would be nice if he thought about both of us  *edit 2. I will definitely be talking to him about how I feel, and about the loan. As soon as he's a little better and off the nyquil that he's sleeping off I thank you for all the helpful responses  *edit 3. He said that he got the fries for me (that he ate most of them. Before even touching his sandwhich) he said he's sorry
e8dgcw	Posting from mobile (sorry for format), I’m posting this before I do something that may damage my family. I’m (19m) turning 20 next week and while going over who I should invite my mother said I should invite my dad.   To give a bit of context my father and I don’t have a great relationship, ever since I was young I hadn’t seen a lot of my father since he was busy working (would leave for weeks at a time). A few years back he was able to stay at home permanently but although I thought it would be good to spend time with him, he soon fell into alcoholism which made the rift in our relationship larger. I didn’t talk to him a lot and the times I did made me feel angry and annoyed. When I had turned 18 and moved out he turned into a helicopter parent (i.e: trying to set curfews, asking where I am at all times, trying to put a tracking app on my phone). That also with the fact that he would continually overstep boundaries like physical contact (I have issues with others touching me after a traumatic event), nicknames when I asked to be called by my first name, and him entering my home without asking. After this I cut all times with him for a year but slowly started talking to him in March of this year. Now it’s my birthday and although I am slowly talking to him I don’t believe I’m ready to have a relationship with him yet.   WIBTA If I didn’t invite my Father to my birthday party Edit: Spelling And Format mistakes
e8dfvs	So, probably by the text you already want to punch me I know that, but listem up. So my history teacher is the most strict teacher that you will ever met and once he burned a students work because he didn't meet the requirements(in anoyher class) and I already confirmed this with him. Last week my yeacher told us to do a work in paper and then give it to him next class, and almost everyone did it but one of my friends didn't made the work so he asked for mine to copy. I told him to not do exacly as it was there because the teacher would notice and he said that he would change some things. The day the teacher gave the work back to us he realised that a work of 2 girls was pretty much the same and they confessed they did it in a call. he told them to do the work again ALONE and told the rest of the class that if they wanted they could do the work again so they could get better grades but the teacher didn't noticed mine and my friend's work. Both of us wanted better grades so we did the work again only correcting the things the teacher told us to correct. But today the teacher gave back the work to the class and didn't gave me and my friend ours. Then he says:  T: I noticed that your work was pretty much the same. Do you have any explanation?  Then my friend procceded to say that we made the work TOGHTHER. I mumbled at him "No we didn't, you copied my work!" but he stayed shut. Then my teacher said that we would have to write to work again and give it to him tomorrow( we don't have class with him tomorrow so we would have to search for him). At the end of the class I told him that we needed to confess to the teacher what had realy happend and this was his response "No men, lets keep it like this. You do your work and I do mine". I was pissed, then my other friend told me that I needed to confess because I would be affected because of this. I went to the teacher and told him what had happend and that he didn't want to confess. I was hopping that the teacher would grade my work and thell the guy to do his, but he was SUPER pissed because he didn't want to confess with me. He told me that I didn't have to write anything untill he talked to the CLASS DIRECTOR and btw, he is the class delegate. Jeez, I didn't wanted that. My friends saw That I was talking to the teacher and called me names till the rest of the day and will keep doing it.  So, AmITheAsshole for exploiting my friend like that?  P.S.: I am not from the US so my grammar is not the best. and I noticed the mistake in the title but only after posting
e8dbxm	I grew up very loosely Christian with us going to church whenever we could. It was never a big deal for us to go as we missed a lot. I recently stopped believing in god so I guess an Atheist but my parents don’t like it. I still live at home due to me being in high school. We have not gone as a family in a while so when I ask for them to stop making me go they say “when was the last time we made you go?”   Anyway back when I believed and my grandma was alive we would always go to church on Christmas and then be with family. We have not done this at all since she died which was over 4 years ago. But this year is the year we do it again it seems and now my young cousins (8 and 6) are coming. I don’t want to go as to me it’s fiction, but I also don’t want to make drama or influence my cousins.   So WIBTA
e8dbh5	This gets complicated, because the fellow graduate student is my beloved boyfriend \[25M\] of 4 years. We live together and he's getting his Master's while I'm getting my PhD. We're studying related fields and this is both our first semester.  My partner has been struggling significantly, both before and during graduate school, with self-esteem about his intelligence and abilities. We met when he couldn't find employment after undergrad. I was shocked that HE was shocked that he couldn't get a job - he had a never had an internship, job, and had a low GPA. I soon learned that he was raised by his parents to think that graduating college = automatic job. I don't blame him for being disappointed in what life had for him after undergrad. He had to start from the bottom and scrape his way into a decent field of work and I supported him throughout that. It was a struggle on my patience at times because I am an immigrant who has always worked and never expected a white-collar position at all, and here was someone who just expected one to be given to him. I eventually got one and used the money to support us both.   I want to make it VERY CLEAR that I love my partner. He is perfect in every other way, supportive, attentive, and overall genuine and kind. His inability to get a job and support the household haunts him but it does not bother me. Graduate school seemed like another way to make that happen, so when we both got into the same school, we went. I don't actually care if I am the breadwinner forever, I just want him to be happy.  Well we're in finals week and my partner realized this morning that he forgot to submit his homework. He is walking a fine line between failing some classes and being put on academic probation for having lower than a 3.0. He began to curse and cry. Most days at this point are spent with my doing homework and listening to him curse at his computer over and over again. Now I usually reassure him constantly that he will find success, with or without graduate school, and that I will be there for him. But I had it this morning. Something in me snapped. I said "he needed to get it together and immediately message his professor that the assignment was never uploaded due to choppy internet" (this is not entirely false, our internet sucks atm). He started arguing with me on how professors would never accept that and I cut him off and said to just do it and I didn't care about what he thought was going to happen, to just make a move right away.  Now he's out in the garage. I usually never use tough love and am always patient, but having to provide daily reassurance is starting to wear on me. He sometimes gives me tough love but in a nicer way. AITA for what I said?
e8daur	This is my second office job and I just don't like going to office events. I went a lot at my first job and hated every single one, so at this job I've just not gone. They do happy hours, breakfasts, sporting events, plays, and most recently a Christmas party.   I have skipped every office event in the past year that I've been here. I went to the Christmas party this past weekend and everyone was making comments like "oh Winter-Cockroach actually showed up" and other comments in the same spirit. It was annoying (but I'd not let that show and would laugh it off) and I left promptly at 8:00pm (the time noted on the invitations as the ending time), which made me the first to leave.   I've been getting some more passive aggressive comments about my unwillingness to attend company get togethers, all of which I've brushed/laughed off like I do after any event. However, my date to the Christmas party mentioned that it was clear to her that people weren't happy that I don't attend, and that it's kind of an asshole move to be this standoffish to people that I claim to like (working with).   Am I the asshole? Does it really matter if you participate in office events?
e8dajz	Background: I stay at school after class on Wednesdays and Fridays. Most of these days, a teacher asks me for help, carrying things around, helping her kids... I like helping, so I usually accept and help her. [She teaches third grade of elementary school]  Today I went to her class (not related to me helping her, but I had to go to her class to announce something). Right as I walked into her class, I saw two kids outside the classroom, wearing hats. Just regular hats. Before I could actually get inside the class, she (the teacher) came out and shouted at the kids to get their hats off. The kids had gotten new haircuts and felt insecure to show them to their classmates, and that's why they kept their hats on. The teacher shouted, and the kids refused to get off their hats and be embarrassed.  After around five minutes of shouting, one of the kids (nearly in tears at this point) removed his hat, and the teacher let him in. Later, she closed the door, and the kid who didn't want to remove his hat stayed outside. After about twenty minutes after I was done announcing whatever I had to announce, the kid got sent home from school.  [My school doesn't have an official dress code of any kind.]  I thought that the teachers response was absolutely humiliating and inappropriate to the kids. That's one way you get teens and adults with self esteem issues, and who feel the need to obey everyone who's in a "position of authority". Plus, the "no hats" rule isn't actually written anywhere on the rulebook.  WIBTA if I stopped helping this teacher for what she did to those kids?  EDIT with more info: she doesn't teach me so I don't know how often she does this, and I didn't sign up anywhere or commit to helping her at any point.
e8d94m	My parents are white Cubans. I married a brown Puerto Rican and have a 4 year old daughter. My parents (my dad specifically) are always saying misogynist things about feminist groups protesting in Latin America and Puerto Rico (like calling them whores for using nudity as protest) and saying “subtly” racist (or colorist) things about black people (when I was a kid he would always encourage me to “better the race” by dating whiter than me. Also weird comments about “breeding super athletes like Serena”).  Since Miss South Africa (a black woman) just beat out Miss Puerto Rico (half American half Puerto Rican white woman) for Miss Universe (a big deal in my country) I asked him to remember our conversation about saying negative things about women around my daughter. He blew up. Called me a racist and a lefty idiot.  My mom, who usually has a cooler head told me she’s tired of me always attacking them (I had previously asked them to give her less gifts so she’ll be more thankful when she gets them on special occasions) and that they left Cuba so they could say whatever they want.  I feel terrible that they feel bad (and I don’t want to cut them out over this) but raising my daughter how I want (and not have her internalize self hate over being a mixed girl) is more important to me than their feelings.
e8d5je	I have around 7 friends with various mental health issues including anxiety and depression. A lot of them also have issues with their parents and therefore turn to our friend group as their primary place of support. I have been the "mother figure" of our friend group for many years as I am the most responsible and caring in that way. However, I have been overwhelmed by what they ask of me: they call me first(even before their therapists sometimes) to help with waves of depression/anxiety/dysmorphia and depend on me for basic emotional support. I have tried to provide this since they are my friends and I care about them deeply, but it is taking a significant toll on my mental health. Seeing their problems has changed some fo my regular routines out of fear/trauma, and I have actually been forced to be on-call to help with their issues. Obviously I helped them, but it was really hard on me, and these occurrences interrupt my daily life. I do understand that some of them have neglecting parents, but I can't parent them(I'm not significantly older, we're all within a year of each other). For the record, I'm 14. AITA for wanting to not hang out with them/wanting to let them deal with their issues with their therapists or alone?
e8d2xq	I live in a country where (if you are male) you are obligated to go for about a year to the military. I have no interest in going. It would be a huge waste of time, which I'd much rather spend trying to start a career in our f-ed up economy.  Now, despite it being compulsory, there are loopholes which one can take advantage of. My family and most social aquaintances think I'm a huge irresponsible asshole for evading service. I think it's unethical for my country to do this and therefore I'm entitled to use loopholes to avoid it.   Am I the asshole?  Edit: To take advantage of the loopholes I'd have to lie either about my gender identity or my mental state. Either of these is covered by confidentiality laws and don't appear future-braking.
e8d08w	Simply put, this has happened three times now, where I’m the only one in my department’s computer lab at my university, and the same guy has come and sat to work at the computer right next to mine. This computer lab specially has around 20 computers. And in these three instances, every single computer, except for mine, wasn’t being used. In other words, I would be the ONLY person in the lab, except for when he came in.  It really doesn’t make any sense; the first time he did it, I thought he was going to talk to me/hit on me, but he stayed totally silent. And then the OTHER time he did this, he stayed totally silent. The second time, I moved to a different computer in the lab. I don’t know if *he* doesn’t get social cues, but what he had been doing, started making me feel uncomfortable.  So, when this happened again, as he was starting to sit down next to me, I simply said to him, “Hey, I’m sorry, but is there a reason why you have sat next to me for three times in a row now when it’s just been us two, when we basically have the whole computer lab to ourselves?”  He said, “Uh I don’t know, I haven’t really noticed, I’m sorry why?”  I said, “I’m sorry but there’s no way you could have not noticed. This has happened when I was the only one in here. I’ll be honest what you’ve been doing, even if you think you haven’t been paying attention, has made me really uncomfortable.”  He said, “Chill, I’m not trying to hit on you or anything.”  I said, “I’m sorry but it almost comes across as stalking.”  He said, “What the fuck? I wasn’t stalking you, calm down I haven’t done anything wrong.”  I packed up my stuff and went to a different computer lab on campus.  I was justified in what I said, right?  tl;dr in three separate instances, I’ve been the only one in my department’s computer lab, when this guy would come in and sit and work at the computer right next to mine. I made him aware of what he was doing, from my viewpoint. AITA?  EDIT: This question has come up a lot: “Was I in the same seat all three times?” No, I wasn’t; I was in a different seat every time, and he still sat next to me.  2nd EDIT: I’ve been temporarily banned for I guess what was a mean comment I made, you’re welcome to message me and I’d be happy to clarify anything.
e8cz6r	I work at a bagel shop and I love/hate my job. I love it because it's not too complex but, I really hate it because the owner hired most of his friends to work there. He treats his friends so well and let's them do whatever and when it's comes to other staff, he talks us down alot. He also hired a kitchen manager who doesn't know how to manage her emotions especially when it's busy.   Yesterday, it was hectic and no one really had their groove when cooking. So, the kitchen manager was really on everyone's case. I get it but, don't talk down to us when we're already stressed the fuck out. She was especially mean to one of us who got fed up and walked out. After that, the owner told another co-worker and I that they were gonna talk to the guy who walked out but didn't say he was gonna be fired.   From what I heard today, he came in to his 6am shift, only to be fired and not given his tip money. The owner texts me at 6am so that I come in on my day off and cover their asses. The owner doesn't respect that I can only work a certain amount of hours due to my health insurance. They've been taking advantage of this even though I've talked to him multiple times explaining how many hours I can work a week.   I don't understand why he couldn't plan this accordingly and asked us yesterday if we could come in. Also, fuck the other guy who was supposed to work today and said he can't because he was hungover and needed to study. I'm an not a salary employee and I work hourly. I understand that if I were salary, I'd be responsible to come in.  AITA for this?
e8cvv5	This past Saturday, my girlfriend (26) and I (27) took our dogs, Captain (11) and Moose (4 months) to my mom's house to visit. My mom absolutely loves Moose, she calls him her grand-dog and loves to play with him and try to teach him tricks.   My mom lives with her longtime boyfriend. For simplicity I'll call him my stepdad, he's been in my life for almost 20 years, so he might as well be. Stepdad is a good man who will always be there when you call, but has a nasty temper and a quick fuse. He also has a cat that is his best friend.  Anyway, when we were visiting there was an instance where Moose followed my stepdad and girlfriend inside. They called him to come back outside, but he is still a puppy and doesn't listen all the time yet. He was trotting to the kitchen where the cat was hanging out. He made no move to chase the cat or otherwise bolt after it. He was probably just going to the room where the food was.  In the course of this, my stepdad escalated from calling him back to yelling at him, saying things like "Piece of shit dog better not go anywhere near the cat." He moved to swat Moose, but my girlfriend grabbed him by the collar and pulled him back out before he could. At no point was the cat in any danger whatsoever. Hell, Moose was probably more in danger than the cat was.   After we got back outside, my girlfriend texted me that we were NEVER bringing our dogs back here. That if Moose was just a "piece of shit dog", he shouldn't be brought around anyway. I didn't try to argue. Later, I talked with my mom and she asked why my girlfriend had gotten so upset. I told her, and she apologized for my stepdad's behavior, admitting that he drastically overreacted and didn't act right. Neither I nor my girlfriend have heard a word from my stepdad about this.  Today, my mom called and asked if my girlfriend "had gotten over it" yet. I told her point blank that that was a shitty way to phrase it, and we wouldn't be bringing either of our dogs back over without at least an apology from my stepdad. My mom and brother both think my girlfriend and I are overreacting and being dramatic about the situation. Yeah, stepdad has a temper and can blow up, but that's just him. We, on the other hand, don't think it's our obligation to excuse someone for their asshole behavior. We're not saying that we're cutting off contact with them or that she can't visit us. We'll still go over to visit them, but our dogs are going to be staying home.  So should we just get over it?  Edit: When I say Moose was in danger, I mean from the cat, not from my stepdad. I have absolutely no doubt that my stepdad wouldn’t have hurt Moose. The cat on the other hand can be MEAN.  Also, I forgot the [dog tax.](https://i.imgur.com/3EnAqhz.jpg)  Edit 2: [Other half of the dog tax.](https://i.imgur.com/5FM1X9L.jpg)
e8cuvb	I work in a 6 person office. We have a new employee who is JUST not cutting it and it’s stressing everyone out that has to deal with her on the days she works.   My closest coworker, who is a fucking dramatic eccentric human, was describing to someone how Friday went with the new person. She said she asked this new person for help and the new person shut her down. THIS IS NOT WHAT HAPPENED! this is the second time she has told someone she asked the new person for help and she shut her down. Both times false.   What happened was...   She was waking around the office crying about how busy she was. The new person didn’t offer to help.   I called her out and said no, you did not directly ask for help. You were running around like a chicken with your head cut off, as per usual, and she didn’t offer help. YOU DIDNT ASK FOR IT!   She said it’s the same thing and common sense when someone is busy they need help.   Now she isn’t talking to me. AITA?  EDIT: the reason I felt the need to say something is because this would very much reflect poorly on this other employee if she is “refusing” to help others.
e8cr15	Good morning all.  My wife is currently going on around 11 weeks pregnant and she's stay-at-home with our 4 year old kid. Even before we got married nearly a decade ago, I always did most of the housework. I did (and still do) about 95% of the cooking (because figuring out a recipe makes her anxious apparently) , I do the sweeping and the mopping, I make the grocery lists and go do the groceries, I take out the trash,I do both of our laundry, I do the dishes, so on and so forth. This is all on top of working a demanding job so of course its only natural that im starting to burn out a little bit. I've had this conversation many times with her and she never takes responsibility at all. In some cases, things will get better for a little bit then go back to how it was before. I will say though that it got significantly better, and then she got pregnant again and then the burden shifted back to me again and this is how it's been lately. I've voiced my concerns about it but she cries her way out of it.  Now this part is going to seem heartless and like I hate her but I really do not. But my wife is a serial crier. It's  extremely taxing on me because it seems like she is trying to guilt trip me into giving up, every time I try to talk to her about something that i'm unhappy about. I'm even afraid to talk about my emotions, or do anything by myself because she cries to get me out of it. Example: About 2 days ago I was playing on my PS4, which I rarely do. Maybe an hour or 2 a week. She was sitting next to me, playing a game on her phone and we were just sitting in silence enjoying each other's company, or so I thought - next thing I know shes bawling her eyes out because "i'm not giving her attention".  Anyways I talked with her about maybe picking up the load around the house - I know shes pregnant and im not asking her to do a huge amount but shes not an invalid - she can wash some dishes, or clean off some of her puke when she throws up (she gets it all over the toilet) instead of waiting for me to clean it up. Anything to take the load off of me a bit. She, again, started crying. This time I stood my ground and asked her to stop crying because I felt like she was guilt tripping me, and I said that something has to change or I can't continue for much longer. She then went into complete hysterics and had some choice words for me but again I stood my ground because I dont feel like im being unreasonable.  Edit: The crying has been an issue long before she got pregnant
e8cod5	Another freshman and I were assigned to live together in a dorm this year. We are quite different people, don't talk at all, and aren't really friends. My roommate has (self-diagnosed) misophonia. This means he gets extremely annoyed/frustrated by certain noises.  I recently bought a used monitor and keyboard from our university's used tech store so that I could use my laptop with an extra monitor. My major involves a lot of programming, and having a second monitor is quite beneficial for when I'm working. I also just enjoy being able to consume media/play games on a larger screen. The keyboard I got is one of those basic black HP keyboards that schools will buy to put in computer labs or libraries. It's definitely louder than my laptop keyboard, but it's also nowhere near as loud as a clicky mechanical keyboard.  Whenever I type on it, my roommate will become audibly agitated and mutter rude things about me under his breath. Yesterday he confronted me about it for the first time, saying he had warned me of his sensitivity and wanted me to stop using it. Since I was just playing a game and it was getting late, I stopped using it for the evening.  However, I'm kind of annoyed by the whole situation. I feel that being able to use a computer in a college dorm is a perfectly reasonable expectation. I never use a computer in our dorm when he is sleeping, even if he's taking a nap mid-day. Furthermore, he has not been respectful regarding the noise he outputs on a regular basis. He will play Dota for many hours a day, often after 11 pm - when I am trying to sleep. He will loudly yell at his teammates through his mic, making it impossible to sleep and difficult to study. Additionally, he wants his desk oriented in a way that the light from his computer shines directly towards my bed (I have my desk set up so the computer faces away from the beds).  I understand he has a condition that makes my typing obnoxious. But at the same time, I don't really feel like accommodating that when he hasn't been willing to accommodate my (perfectly reasonable) expectation to have a relatively dark and quiet room after 11 each night. Also, he's said that he's never gone to see a doctor about it. From my minimal research, it looks like there are some things he could be doing to mitigate the effects (though I'm obviously not an expert). He also hasn't looked into seeing if getting a single room is an option for him, because of his condition.  Am I the asshole for using a keyboard that I know bothers my roommate?
e8cl64	I (21m) have a three year old daughter. Her mother is not in the picture. The ex in question (Kate) is a girl I dated for a year and a half, starting when my daughter was three months old.   My ex is a lovely person, she does a lot for charity, works with animals, and is doing a degree. This was the case, until she developed anorexia. This post is not about my ex's eatng disorder, but about how she has been acting with my daughter since we split up.   We split up just over a year ago, and since then my ex has been seeing my daughter at weekends, like a parent would do, as she has helped to raise my daughter since she was a baby, and in all ways except legally, she is my daughter's mother. Kate is a great mom, but her eating disorder is getting in the way of her life. When she first got diagnosed she was acting almost as normal, but things have just been getting worse. She is in therapy privately and sees her therapist twice a week. She has been in inpatient treatment twice, but it's just getting worse. I fear the worst for her if things don't change very soon. She is 5'4 and from my guesses, weighs about 80lbs.   My daughter has become conscious of her weight. She is THREE. She came home the other day and said that she doesn't want to eat bread anymore, and that she wants cucumber with ketchup instead of pizza. Three years old. I can't believe it. I asked her why she doesn't want to eat bread, and she said 'Katie said it makes you chunky'. I asked her what's wrong with being chunky, and she said it's 'yacky'. I was horrified.  I called Kate and asked what happened. She told me that she was having a particularly hard day when she said that and that she is sorry. I stupidly forgave her, because I know how hard this has been for her. She went back to Kate's for the weekend and when she came back, she said 'I want to be like Katie when I grow up' and I asked why, she said because Kate is pretty and skinny. I called Kate again. She said it was another hard day. I told her that she needs to get her 'hard days' under control and away from our kid because it's unacceptable and I won't let her influence her. Kate cried and said our daughter is the only thing keeping her sane, and I told her that that's her problem. AITA?
e8ckp8	Throwaway because family knows my account.  I (23F) will be graduating from university next summer. Since I was 18, I have been saving up a small amount of each of my paycheques from my part-time job to be able to go on a really awesome post-grad vacation. I have more than enough saved in a fund to pay for what I want - a Mediterranean cruise. I can afford the flight, cruise & hotel stay a few nights in one of the ports with a small $ left over.   Unfortunately, to be able to book a cabin on a cruise ship, you need to 25 years old (it's to discourage groups of college kids from booking a cruise & getting out of control). I asked my parents if they would be willing to book the cruise for me (they've been on several so might even get a discount/deal too) & I could just give them the money. They asked how I felt if they came with me, too. I actually get along with my parents really well & though it's been some time since we've all been on a trip together, I didn't have a problem with this so I agreed.   Fast forward to yesterday, my much older siblings (33M and 36F) found out about the cruise & my parents want to invite them on it too. I refused for several reasons:  1) This is my post-grad trip, not a family vacation. I've been saving for this a long time & I want it to be relaxing. My brother & sister stress me out.  2) I don't get along great with my brother (33M) & I can see him getting way too drunk every night on the cruise & my mom worrying about him every single night & not having fun, which means I won't have fun. Although my sister & I are close, we have very different personalities & we always disagree about what to do when we hang out.  3) My siblings are extremely disorganized & late for things (especially my brother). I REALLY DON'T want to deal with the stress of almost missing the flight or boarding the cruise which is inevitable with my brother. You can tell him to be ready at 9 for something you don't have to leave for until 10, & he'll be ready at 10:30.   I told my parents I don't want to make my post-grad trip a family trip, & if they really thought it was unfair to go on this cruise & not invite my siblings, then that was fine but then we should cancel it because I'm not going with all of them. AITA?  EDIT thanks everyone. I feel less like a selfish bitch now.
e8cka9	Hey y’all. Kind of uncertain about if I would be the asshole in this situation, and maybe if there would be legal implications?  At my job we have to go on major shopping trips for clients. I’m talking $600 trips for furniture / necessities for their apartments. If it adds context, the money we use to buy this stuff is government provided.  I was recently informed that at some of the places we shop, you can get rewards points. These rewards can be used for discounts and unlocking coupons. Would I be the asshole if I used this situation to my benefit and got the “points” from these major shopping trips on my personal store account? I would not be taking money from the card in question, just getting the points.
e8cfcp	EDIT TITLE: WIBTA IF I BOUGHT MY LITTLE COUSINS SOAPS BECAUSE THEY SMELL BAD! Lol I don’t want to buy THEM literally 💀  TLDR: my little cousins smell bad, I don’t want them getting bullied so I want to make them a goody basket with perfume and deodorant and candy and stuff..  So a few days ago I visit them, (they sometimes come over to my grandmas) and they all give me hugs and they smelled awful.. almost like a hot day out in an anime convention. But they were in pajamas. I let them know they smell but they just didn’t care?  Yesterday they walked my homie dog over and as I was petting him I noticed the smell all over my cousins again.   Now I care about these girls, when I was younger (I’m 21 now and I’m a girl) I used to not care about hygiene and people used to cook me daily, it caused bad hyper pigmentation and acne and it was just.. horrible. I don’t want them to face that, so I plan on making them each goody bags that contain: girly but gentle soap, perfume, DEODORANT, lotions and also some candy and iPhone chargers or whatever- a toy or something..  WIBTA for gifting them something like that? I don’t want to offend them or embarrass them in front of everyone.. they’re my homies
e8cfcd	AITA for telling my boyfriend he isn't allowed to just cancel and not reschedule his 2 year old daughter from his ex wifes birthday party? Everyone in his family is coming, I prepped everything and he told me he wants to cancel because she is 2 and he is stressed about Christmas. He doesn't think it's a big deal? I do because I feel her 5 year old sis will tell her and remind her later. He keeps saying she won't care and telling me he is worried now about it and will have to leave work early even though all the work is done and I paid for it. AITA for telling him it's not ok to cancel the party and not reschedule?
e8ccky	I (23M) have a cousin (36F) who we'll call Alice. Alice has two kids (8F and 11M), the latter who we'll call Jeremy.  Jeremy is very overweight and likely obese. I'd guess he's easily in the 90+ percentile of weight for his age. The topic of his weight always comes up with my immediately family after we see him, because he keeps just getting bigger and bigger.  With that being said, for a while we weren't sure what the dynamic was like at home for Jeremy with food, because we'd mostly only see him during holidays/special events.  Last summer, however, my mom went on vacation with Alice's family for a couple weeks, and was pretty shocked by what she saw. For breakfast alone, Alice would make Jeremy a microwavable pasta dinner, after which he'd have cereal *and* toast with jam/peanut butter. From my mom's recount, there was never an attempt by Alice to regulate the quality or quantity of what Jeremy ate.  Alice also seems oblivious to the problem. She describes Jeremy as having "a bit if baby fat" and muses that being bigger "just runs in the family", all while bemoaning about how much Jeremy is struggling socially at school, which I'm sure is exacerbated by his weight. It breaks my heart.  I want to say something, but I KNOW it won't go over well. Alice is very defensive about her parenting, and I think she'd find it extra insulting to be criticized by her younger cousin who doesn't have a kid himself. That's where I think I might be the asshole: someone needs to say something, but maybe I'm not the right person to do it. As far as I know though, all of Alice's immediate family is just as naive as she is and/or is too afraid of what Alice's response will be.  So, what do you think?
e8cagu	I have an condition that makes me allergic to my own sweat. It really sucks.   The last two years I’ve been living in the dorms at college, which were very accommodating for my allergy. I moved back into my parents how due to them begging me to and it’s been an itchy red hell. (They apparently really missed me and wanted me to spend the last two years at home)   We have two units for heating and cooling. One for upstairs, one for downstairs. They have REFUSED to let me turn off the upstairs heat. I’m the only one that lives upstairs. Since the semester started it’s been absolute hell. When it was still hot as hell outside they wouldn’t let me put the AC below 75, and my allergy seems to trigger at anything above 70. My grades dropped, I haven’t slept much these last few months, and the grades have ruined my chance at a scholarship I was aiming for because I am covered in red itchy hives that feel like I’m being stabbed with thousands of needles. And yes, I have tried multiple treatments and none of them have worked. My prescription strength allergy pills knock me out so I can’t take them during the day. Also opening the window wouldn’t work because it’s 74 and humid outside. Humidity is public enemy #1.   I had to study in a cold bath in a vain attempt to help, it’s didn’t really work unfortunately.   Finals week is coming up next week and I REALLY need these grades. I begged them to let me turn the upstairs one off, but they said no. At 5am with no sleep in sight and having the worst flare up, I went to the thermostat, turned it off, and in a mental breakdown rage I ripped it off the wall. My parents heard it and let’s just say that a lot of screaming ensued from that.   It hasn’t been repaired yet and honestly I don’t want it to be. I’m paying for the repairs of course but I don’t plan on calling the company until it starts to get warm again. They’re pissed and keep complaining it’s too cold in the house, but it’s so nice to let the scabs heal from months of itching. I don’t feel guilty about it at all and would gladly do it again. AITA?  Edit: To the people saying move out, I can’t. I don’t have a lot of money, and a big chunk of it is going towards the repair. I can’t get a retail or service job because who would hire someone that breaks out in hives every time they sweat?? Customers would think there’s something in the food/on the clothes and I’d just be bad for business. I’m moving back into the dorms when I can, but it might be awhile so please stop saying “move out” is an easy instant thing for me.
e8c8xm	Well I am M17, my parents don't understand my perspective of life and they always try to put their perspective of life in me. Due to this over the years I lost major of my connection to them. So now I am preparing for finals next month and during studies I took a break for a bit and played a small game on my phone. Just then my mom barged in the room and shouted at me and saying how I am hopeless and she doesnt trust me anymore. I usually listen to her and keep quite then forget about it. But today it was beyond my control. So I vented and told her how they treat me how I have wasted my childhood to them. And how they make me do things I don't like even after telling g them i do t like it. They just don't understand that there are other mindsets. I like to enjoy every moment but they feel like I am in closed box constantly just trying to manipulate me. They don't give me my privacy being 17 I think I deserve some. Mom always checks my chats with people. And always keeps a constant watch on me. Yells if I am not studying. My father just want me to study. According to him I should wake up study eat study sleep. Nothing else. So I ranted it on mom. But now I feel like I shouldn't have done it and rather just listen and forget it. Cause now they will interrogate me and again force there ideas on me. And prove how I am immature and wrong. There only way of defending there ideas is that they are older and have more experience.   So AITB : for ranting?  Edit *: I did not rant about she making me do chores etc.  Plus by the line that I like to leave carefree I meant that I like to not stress much on topics and just leave it to it. Like if someone is yelling at me blaming me as long as it is not affecting me much I don't react to it that's what I meant. O don't mean to spend their money or use them or laze around. I work for my future too but I don't like them constantly telling me things I know or am already doing.  Feel free to ask info don't assume stuffs.
e8c8jg	Basically as the title said. My friend and her ex broke up after one year or so in September. He wasn't exactly a friend of mine, nor he was a direct part of the group of friends, but he was around from time to time mostly accompanying her. But to me he was just an acquaintance, saying hi when making eye contact but that's about it. I don't hate him or anything.  Long story shorts the breakup was unexpected for her and she was devastated by it. She is still hurt to this day. Today we were in a meeting where he was also at. I saw them talking a couple of times. She told me she was still hurt from the breakup but that she was excited because they were going to meet later to drink some beers. I immediately blurted out "doesn't he have a girlfriend though?". Her face immediately changed.  Turns out she doesn't follow him on social media anymore, I thought they did. Around November I saw him posting photos of a trip he and another girl were making, and posted a photo on Instagram hugging her. I immediately assumed it was a new relationship, but didn't think much of it. I honestly thought my friend had seen it. But apparently she hasn't. She started crying immediately. I was honestly at a loss and felt so bad, that's why I think I was a major asshole.  I left to get something to eat and talked to another friend, I told her I screwed up and she asked me why did I think showing her was a good idea. I don't know why I did it.  I came back they were talking together (friend and ex), then he came directly to me and asked me if I had shown her the picture. I don't know if she told him it was me directly or if he assumed, nevertheless I was shocked and didn't say anything, but he also asked me why did I do that and to go get her as she was crying and didn't want to be in the meeting. I told him I was sorry, sincerely and he just replied with a hand wave.  My friend said she was thankful I showed her as it would come up sooner or later, but with her reaction and both him and my other friend basically telling me I screwed up makes me doubt. I have a history of making faux passes when it comes to social interactions and I only find out when I had already done them.  So people, did I act like an asshole? Thanks.
e8c7o9	My roommate and I are close and there’s a few times where she’s crossed the line and hasn’t owned up to it. We’re both 24F and she’s in grad school while I am working full time.   Previously we had issues because I was dating someone and wasn’t home often. She had been letting people sleep in my bed when i wasn’t going to stay at our apartment, borrow clothes without returning them, and eating my food without replacing it. I was pissed when I found out and she said she’d never let that happen again.   Recently, I’m noticing little things disappearing from the cabinet, like my hydro flask or a coffee mug. I’d see these things in her friends snapchats/instagram videos and I’d be like wtf.   I’m pissed and I’m not sure if I’m over reacting that she’s letting her friends just use my stuff without asking me and it’s always getting returned not cleaned ... etc..   So am I being the asshole If I get upset with her?
e8c4ne	This event happened last week and I thought I should put it here for a second opinion.   so i was helping one of my teachers set up for an event at my school called grade 8 night. Its pretty much where the grade 8 students come to the school to see what programs we offer, and encourage them to go to our school. After i helped my teacher with that i was going to go to a club meeting that we had then also. So it was about 5 minutes after school ended and i get a text from my sister saying that i need to go home right now because "I don't have my key". So im like "oh, well just come to my locker and ill give you my key". After i send that i get her saying no and to come home right now. So pretty much she had gotten a ride home with a friend and she was sitting outside our house when she sent that message. so i tell her that i was in the middle of something and asked if she could just ask for a ride back. I didn't want to leave because this helping with my teacher counts for 15% of my final grade: my teacher gives us the choice of either a few hours of volunteer work or this long scrap book as options for an independent project. I tell her i am in the middle of something and that ill be on my way in a bit.  So later i then get a message just as i am leaving from my mom that i needed to go home right now because she was locked out and needed to get ready for dance and that i was being so inconsiderate. So i spell it out to my mom that i was leaving early from my after school activities because if her inability to plan , and that her inability to think ahead is not my emergency, and that in fact the both of them are the ones being inconsiderate because i am cutting my plans short to accommodate them. So basically i get home and am shouted at by my sister for not coming home sooner and i tell her that i was busy with things and that she should have remembered her key or asked ahead for mine. So about 10-15 minutes goes by and my mom gets home, and proceeds to yell at me for not accommodating my sister and then takes my phone and laptop from me (Typing this on my desktop). I then get told that im grounded for this.   TL;DR my sis forgot her key and i was grounded for not immediately coming home to let her in
e8c1jp	Okay this is my first post on here! Ever!   Context: My partner (29 NB they/them) and I (25F) have been together for 2.5 years and we have always been in an open relationship. Neither of us are really the jealous type and we run by potential suitors with each other before we act on it We had originally said no friends. It's worked out well for us but recently they expressed a desire to hook-up with one of our mutual friends, Val. At first I was like no this makes me uncomfortable, this is going to make things awkward etc etc. They (my partner) explained that it was just for hooking up and no feelings were involved. I was fine with it after they explained it.   So Saturday night I invite a friend of mine over to have some wine and chill. My partner then asks if Val can come over. I said sure, since are all friends. We get to drinking and having a good time and decide to take a Lyft to the local bar. We are all sitting there (my friend went home so it's just us 3) and then they both go outside to smoke. I am sitting there alone bored out of my mind. Literally 30 minutes later they come back and I jokingly ask if they were making out or something. My partner says yes. I am like immediately uncomfortable because I feel like a fool sitting there alone while they are off doing that. Like maybe I should leave and let them like be alone? I don't know it was weird. Both because it was with a friend and because I felt like I was intruding. ANYWAY my partner noticed I got quieter and texted me saying I was being "rude as fuck" and acting "cray" I texted back that I was just bored and ready to go home.   When we got home just the two of us, they unleashed on me about how I was being sooo rude to Val and how I needed to apologize. I told them that I wasn't being rude I was just kind of uncomfortable. They yelled at me about how they don't understand why I would be uncomfortable. I went to bed because I didn't want to fight anymore or apologize for something I didn't feel like I did.   We didn't talk all day on Sunday and now it's halfway through Monday without a word. On Sunday I did say that I am sorry if I came off rude I was just (what I explained above) and they said that was a bullshit apology and they don't accept.   Sooo...should I apologize? or am I the asshole for not wanting to?
e8c0ew	My mom has been asking my to come visit her for awhile and on Friday I told her I'd come today. She got super excited and happy, I hadn't seen her in over a year.   I don't drive, and she lives in the middle of nowhere. The trip is going to consist of me taking one bus downtown, then walking about a half mile to the Greyhound station, and taking that bus for about 2 hours. I can only get about 5 miles from her house that way so then have to wait for my cousin to come get me and pay him $20 to take me the rest of the way, but there's going to be about a half hour discrepancy between when the bus shows up and him picking me up.  I'm willing to do all that, but it's raining. It's not any kind of rain an umbrella is going to do much good for, either. It's that windy, sideways rain. The forecast calls for it to rain like this all day long. I have at least an hour of outside time with this trip. I'll get absolutely drenched.   I called this morning to tell her I'll come tomorrow instead. She literally screamed like a banshee. I just hung up because I knew the verbal assault was coming. So far I've gotten 12 really nasty texts calling me all kinds of names, saying I tricked her. She also has her sister trying to call now, accusing me of purposefully upsetting her.  After all this I honestly don't even want to go tomorrow. This trip is going to be hell.  Am I the asshole?
e8byx2	So, right of the bat, I am well convinced that the climate is changing for the worse. I believe that my relative flat country will suffer along the coastlines, climate refugees will be come a huge issues and we will likely suffer ressource-wise. Basically, a light apocalypse.  My parents having the age that they have, 52 and 60, will likely never experience these consequences. I being 25, most likely will and any child I put into the world. They merely shrug and keep on traveling (6 times a year by plane), refuse to recycle and talking about getting another car.  With that gruesome intro over, let's get to the recent argument. My mom and dad has announced that, they are now ready for grandchildren and they keep dropping hints, that I should "go make one". I'm single and not really in a place to raise a child (still working on my education). On top of that, I have aforementioned view on impending disaster. So when I told them, that they shouldn't get their hopes up, they called me selfish.  I told them I could consider it in the future if I saw them show some more enviromental care, but then things escalated. I am right now being accused of blackmailing my parents into the climate agenda.  When all it comes down to is: I wont feel comfortable putting children into such a world and I'm not ready for children anyway. And even if I was, I would like to see said childs parents take an interest in leaving a better world for a grandchild.   AITA?  EDIT: I do want to have kids, I am not baiting my parents into thinking it.
e8btjx	 So I'm staying with my parents for a while while I find a new job and place to stay and I've noticed while I've been here if anyone else washes the dishes it's kind of lackluster. So far it wasn't that bad, maybe a dish had a few light but washable watermark stains or a light amount of food like two oatmeal flakes worth, but today I got a bowl and there was a decent amount of caked up dry chocolate in the corner. Like this isn't something you could accidentally overlook if you were paying attention. It's like they weren't even looking when they washed it. It kind of feels like they're doing it on purpose to push the dishes off on me while I'm here so they'll be done right because this wasn't a problem when I first got here. The thing is I don't have an issue washing the dishes it just seemed like we were going at random, anytime they asked I took no issue doing them and would even do them without being asked. I'm just a bit irritated because if I don't wash a pot out immediately after I finish cooking they'll complain if I overlook some stray crumbs I get lectured. However, they are straight-up half-washing dishes and after years of living with them as a child I know if I left caked up chocolate in a bowl I'd have to wash it over. I know this is not the standard for them. I don't want to seem rude or ungrateful since this is their house and they pay the bills, I'm even willing to solely wash dishes but if they insist upon washing dishes I'd rather not keep pulling dirty dishes out of the cabinet when I need to eat and wash it again.  WIBTA if I brought it up to them?
e8brci	Two months ago I (m30) noticed, I was charged 15 $ from a company I didn't really recognize. I tried to find anything in my inbox that I might have bought from them but without luck. Last month I was charged 15$ again from the same company on the same date 27th, and I decided to look into it. It turned out to be a streaming service, but none of my emails were registered on their website, so I had no chance of canceling any subscription or finding any information. I tried calling their hotline, but I never got through, despite being in line for half an hour. That's when I noticed I could trace the connected email address if I informed them of my credit card numbers.  It turned out the account was signed up with my girlfriend's email address, who borrowed my credit card in order to get a one-month free subscription. I don't recall this, but my girlfriend is no stickup artist, so I'm sure she asked me and I agreed. Unfortunately, she forgot to cancel the subscription and I failed to notice the billings. I know I didn't agree on paying for any kind of subscription, and I know my girlfriend intended to cancel her membership before it would cost her anything.  Here's the issue. It turns out she did this back in February, which means the company has been charging me monthly for 10 months. This adds up to 150 $, and I'll admit I became kind of annoyed when it dawned on me. When I explained to her the situation, she quite quickly called it "shared responsibility". Because it was my bank account, I should be controlling what goes in and out, and she admitted she should have canceled her membership in due time. I feel I borrowed her my credit card, and that I am in no way responsible for her canceling anything - additionally, the company has sneakily been charging me the 27th every month, and I pretty much only check my bank account on payday. I admit it sucks, I didn't see it up until now, but the fact that she even suggested sharing the billing annoys me.  Our text messages went completely cold, and she is calling me an asshole for asking her to pay it all.  I think she has a shitty way of taking responsibility.
e8bnjb	Backstory: I live with my mom and two sisters and  usually arguments happen that stem from the toilet paper being gone and ends up being an argument on how irresponsible and dumb that person is. I usually play the peace maker and the messenger and when you don't pick sides you get yelled at. A few days ago my mom and my sister (26 years old) got into a big argument which escalated to a PHYSICAL fight and so many fucked up words were exchanged and it ended with my sister calling my mom an evil bitch and walking out, the whole thing started because of some soap. One day when i was away from home my family started calling me to tell me to take their side when I really didn't and I just wanted to relax and not deal with it. I want them to resolve their problems but they don't seem to realize how much stress it puts on me but I'll feel bad if I cut them off. So am I the asshole for not wanting to deal with my family's bullshit?
e8bkhh	I’m from a country ran by old fashioned dictators and assholes, commoners are plagued by Religion, and you can’t get a decent job without having a connection. Parents got divorced, dad didn’t allow me to see my mom more than one time a week or go to her place for at least 8 years in my life (divorced when I was 7) Dad was a horrible father who raised a miserable, depressed kid, afraid of confrontations and always thinking that others are better than him Once i could, i left the house, the whole country, and to clarify I didn’t hate my father, I just hated his poor parenting skills and that he stopped working at like 45 year old which caused us a lot of financial problems. I left at 23 years old to another country because I was fed up of living in this shithole, started from below the bottom if thats even possible and now i’m more comfortable, living in my apartment  working hard and earning my living. He passed away about a year and a half ago and left behind 2 little girls whom i helped raise and i love so much and my step mom who was okay to me, until she sent me a photo of my father on his deathbed (he was suffering from kidney disease) and that destroyed me mentally, got me depressed for more than a year and tbh i still cant erase that photo from my head and I remember it a lot Am I an asshole for not wanting to go back to this hellhole which represents all the suffering i’ve been through and all the mental scars to help raise my sisters?
e8bism	My mom and dad have had a rather awful marriage as long as I remember. My dad basically behaved like an ATM, he'd never try to be present. My mom found out that he was cheating on her and tries to repair the relationship. Went to couples counseling and also tried to make a more loving home. However she found out that he had a child(3f) with this lady and decided to divorce.  She got custody however I still have to visit him. I(16f) basically sit in my room and listen to music or watch movies. I treat the entire family like strangers on a bus . My father is upset as he thinks I am guilt tripping the lady and that she shouldn't be made to feel bad about homewrecking. Obviously I feel otherwise .  All my friends support my decision except for my childhood friend who thinks I am being immature and am ta.  So aita for ignoring my stepmom and stepsis?
e8bf43	Disclaimer: This is kinda a weird story, it happend when we were all 16 years old so the way we did things was a mess. Also i'll try to be as objective as i can but since this is an old story i kinda don't remember many details about the other parties, so please be understanding with my lack of information.     When i was at 10º grade or 4º ESO here i had a really good friend wich needed my help to get graduated, we spent a lot of time together to get him the grades he needed, so we became even closer than before. He and my counsin had alredy met each other for some time so i wasn't really that surprised when he wanted to met her again, as friends, as he said, he was so  eager  to that idea he invited her some friends and i to hang out for a while. While we were out it was clear he wanted to... well... fuck my cousin, and my cousin also thought it was a good idea so we just decided to leave them some privacy.  After that event they started to date, nothing serious stated from both of them. My cousin recognized to me and her sister they didn't do anything serious, that she wasn't ready to have sex with him she even provided me some screenshots, wich were unecessary as i alredy belived her. But my friend said otherwise, he said he will fuck her soon etc... And then the jokes started to pop up and the rumors to spread. For some period of time, the only thing he would talk to his friends and even me, were weird jokes about fucking with my cousin. It wasn't somethig very annoying but i knew my cousin wouldn't like it, so i told her, and she got MAD. They fought and he started to claim i was lying because i was jealous, that those jokes weren't that bad etc etc.... They broke up soon after that.  I must add 2 things I wanted my cousin to date a guy, because she never got the attention from boys, so i was maybe way too pushy with this idea or something and this relationship was bound to fail. Also the jokes were really weird and they weren't even funny, tbh i know they were just jokes and nothing serious but my cousin didn't like them at all, she also didn't liked the idea of she being known in my high school as the bitch of this guy.  His friends, that were also kinda close to me, claimed i was the asshole here, for telling her, so they got really mad with me, wich made me really sad. Some years have alredy passed from that, and still none have apologized so tell me reddit AITA.
e8beoq	I was standing in line at the bus stop when I heard an elderly man behind me yell something. My first reaction was to step aside, make room  and say, “pardon me, sir”. He then insisted I gave him attitude and proceeded to yell at me until my bus arrived. Was pardon me used wrong in the context? I always thought it meant, “forgive me” like a politer version of “sorry”.
e8be5l	(Forgive me for having some errors as English isn’t my mother tongue)  More than a year ago my friend told me a business opportunity, he works as a pharmacy assistant on a franchised medicine shop. After several proposals to the same company we failed to find a suited/qualified place to put it up. I ended up buying the franchised branch where he works cause the owner is struggling with debts due to gambling and of course I kept him as a pharmacy assistant. We started Feb this year and the sales isn’t that good, good thing we can accommodate all the expenses however the net profit isn’t really that good. Around June I was able to buy another branch nearby from the same franchisee and this new branch have better sales and the target ROI is fast. Fast forward to now my friend got too comfortable and accumulated 38 instances of recorded lates, some lates were around 3 to 4hrs and the shop is closed till he arrives cause the second shift is in afternoon. I talked to him several times before about this already but still nothing changes, even after a verbal and written warning. He keeps on reasoning that his nieces and nephews took long time to take a bath during morning or that he can’t sleep at night due to the online game he’s fond of. I know tardiness can be valid if something really important or an emergency comes up, however I find his reasoning invalid, maybe he doesn’t care what I think about his excuse? Or he thinks that I’m stupid to believe or consider his excuses, but having consulted other staff and my other HR friends it really isn’t valid at all. It pains me to let him go however the branch isn’t doing good already and with his behavior it’s losing more rather than working hard to uplift it. I just feel terrible now cause this means that our friendship is over as well. I also have this guilt feeling cause I got the business idea from him. I am disappointed cause I thought that he’d be good and that one day, when I acquire more branches he’ll be appointed as a supervisor. In addition his older sister also works for me on the second branch and I have no complain about her as she is very professional and knows well what she must do which is the exact opposite of my fd. I have this hunch that this will be awkward with her once she knew I fired him, however she is aware of what’s her brother’s been doing, I just don’t know if how will she take this.   TLDR: AITA for firing my friend after being late for 38 times.
e8bd9n	Some backstory: I have 3 half brothers from my dad's first marriage: J, M, and R. They are 10, 12, and 15 years older than me, respectively, making me the youngest sibling and the only girl. I have always been close with J, and still am, despite him living halfway across the country. The older two have always resented me (so I've felt, anyway) because as a child I unknowingly took attention away from them during their teenage years. Once they were old enough to move out, they did and then I rarely saw them, mostly just for special occasions like birthdays and holidays. However, after they each got married, it's like our family became nonexistent and only their wives' families were important, so time spent together at Thanksgiving and Christmas began to dwindle to nothing.  Eventually the fucked up family dynamic took over when I was in high school and all 3 of my brothers had a separate falling out with my dad, essentially cutting contact with him and therefore, me. M & R are now nearing 40 years old, and I have 4 nephews that are 8-13 years old that I've seen maybe a dozen times since their births.  It's heartbreaking to not be involved in their families' lives, especially when I see how loving and fun they are towards their in-law siblings. I've tried on several occasions to reconnect with M & R, but it sucks to feel like I'm always the one reaching out and trying to have a relationship with them.  But I'm working on making my peace with the situation. I refuse to beg someone to be a part of my life or to reciprocate love. Because of this, I haven't seen R in about 3 years or M in almost 6 years, despite them both living pretty nearby. (Fun fact: The last time I saw M was in random passing at Walmart. We exchanged pleasantries and small talk, and then...nothing since.)  So, my dilemma lies in whether to send my 2 oldest brothers an invitation to the wedding. In discussing my problem with my mom, she says I should at least invite them; whether they come or not is on them -- the ball is then in their court. My DFH agrees. But I feel that due to our estranged relationship, they may think that an invitation is just a ploy for extra gifts, making me out to be an AH. Then IF they actually show up, I'm worried they may end up causing a scene with our dad, because what better time to seek overdue confrontation for pent-up feelings than at a special event where everyone is present and slightly inebriated?  Or they could choose to joyfully accept my invitation, put aside all the bullshit, and have a great time celebrating their little sister's marriage to an awesome guy. Of course that would be ideal, but I'm afraid my intentions would be misconstrued, given the circumstances.   I'm just so torn over what to do. Like, ideally I'd love to have them there, but I kinda feel like if they don't care about me or my life now, a wedding won't change that.   WIBTA for choosing to not invite my estranged half brothers in hopes of having a smooth, drama-free wedding day?
e8bc2i	I've started biking to my job, to the gym, to pretty much everywhere to get in shape.   It's been mostly great, I've lost a bunch of weight and gotten a lot stronger too.   But the one stressful thing is how drivers around here aren't great... Lots of dumb driving, speeding, road rage, texting, etc... And I've had a couple close calls.  Just a month ago for example, I was driving on a 2 lane road, in the right lane. People in the right lane are allowed to turn right or go straight. People in the left lane are allowed to turn left or go straight.  Well, a guy in a SUV took a right turn from the left lane, and nearly hit me from the side. And that's just one example of dumb driving.  I always try to avoid those situations from the start, and evade them if I see them happening. But sometimes something takes me by surprise.  I can't really honk because I'm on a bike, and nobody in a car is going to hear a bike Bell. I also don't want to scream angrily because I'm afraid someone might react bad to that and hurt me.   So if a close call happens, I just scream as loud and high as I can. No words, just AAAAAA. Like "girl getting murdered in a horror movie" like banshee style shriek.   I've got a real high voice and great projection. I was a soprano in my school's choir and I can belt it. And every time I've done that, whoever was driving slams the breaks or slows way down to look around.   I never thought there was much trouble with that; I gotta do something to keep myself safe. But then yesterday I was going to work and someone in a pickup truck ran a stop sign and had a close call with me. So I swerved and shrieked, and kept shrieking till the driver had fully stopped. He seemed spooked.   Then I saw some of my coworkers on the sidewalk, they were going to get coffee together, and they waved me over and asked if I was OK, what had just happened.  I was like "yeah I'm good, just didn't wanna get run over and needed that truck to see or hear me" and they were like "girl everyone in a half mile radius heard you"  I was kinda joking around and went "Thank the finest vocal training at (my hometown) Junior high"   And a couple of my coworkers said it wasn't that funny, I'd given them a scare and probably everyone else in earshot too.  AITA for screaming when I have close calls on my bike? It's more to draw drivers attention than out of genuine horror or pain.
e8bbob	I’m the only woman in our IT department, and work with 2 men. (I’m 18, they are 17 and 19).  The 17 year old was asking if we preferred a specific gender of offspring. I said girl just because I thought I could bond with them better but that I would be happy for any healthy baby.   The 19 year old said boy because he had been around women all his life and wanted a son.   The 17 year old then said he wanted a boy, for the simple reason that he would find is disgusting to have a “slag as a daughter”  He said he would hate for them to wear revealing clothing and get with lots of men. I questioned whether this is not the same for men being slags?? And he said it was different. The 19 year old agreed with him.   They basically were saying they wanted sons to play football with, as it wasn’t as common for girls to be interested in football.   I am quite disgusted and must say I am pretty  guilty as I snapped at them and said they were awful comments and that surely it’s the men’s attention that they hate, not the daughters dress sense or sex life.   They were both gaging and cringing saying they would hate it and so want sons. They then said I was wrong for being agitated and for snapping at them  AITA?
e8bazs	My coworker was born in a European country that spoke a different language but learned some English in school over there. In the early 1990s, his whole family immigrated to the US and he has lived here ever since. He’s a nice enough guy, very friendly. The kind of guy that’ll talk your ear off if you let him. You get the idea.   But into the problem. He has to write daily reports documenting what he’s doing at job sites and etc. 9/10 times they are almost completely illegible. When I first started working, everything was done on paper. As In he fills out all his papers and give them to me at the end of the day to enter into the system. I’d spend hours sometimes trying to translate what he was saying. Some words were English and just badly spelled while others were in his first language. There were some words that were half English and half the other language. I would have to go into google translate to try to figure it out or have him come by the office to help me understand what he was trying to say. He would actually get annoyed if I had to ask him for help so I tried not to do that unless it was absolutely necessary.   Anyways, so we eventually moved to a tablet set up where he was entering all his own notes and I was no longer a middleman between him and the system. We’ve had the setup for almost a year now and it has been going smoothly. Or so I thought.  Well recently my boss called me into her office to basically scold me for not going in and fixing the coworkers digital reports. Saying it was my job to make sure his reports were in English and used proper spelling/grammar. She then handed me a list of hundreds of reports dating back months saying I needed to fix it. Which I did. But the thing that bothers me is that I am also now expected to go into his reports and correct the spelling/grammar of them on a daily basis. But my coworker is not expected to work on improving his English writing skills at all. I kind of tried to talk to my boss about it because it’s extremely time consuming and is taking my attention away from more time sensitive matters. I even offered to sit with the guy for a little bit at the end of day to help him with entering things until he got a better grasp on it. But my boss shut me down by saying that both herself and the person who used to have my job have always corrected his writing for him and that it wouldn’t be fair to my coworker if I just stopped doing it.  So reddit, AITA for not wanting to correct my coworkers reports on a daily basis?
e8b87k	Original: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/dgfkt3/aita_for_not_telling_my_dad_he_isnt_getting_the  A lot of people have asked me for updates so I thought id make one.  It was kind of positive?  I agreed with many comments in my first post where they said my grandparents were setting me up for drama.  I talked to my grandparents and shared these concerns. They were understanding and setup a family meeting with them, their lawyer, my dad, his wife, and myself.  I was secretly hoping that my grandparents would get over some of their issues with my dad and his wife but nope. My dad's wife actually started crying and wailing when they revealed that I would be getting most of the inheritance. I could see my grandmother almost exploding. My dad to his credit, looked disappointed but said it was their money to do as they wished.  The new agreement is that my father will receive $75k, and each of my younger siblings will receive a 50K education fund.  My dad's wife did call me a few days later and acted really foolishly. And she somehow thought that insulting my mother would help her.  I told her that if she ever said something bad about my mother again I would tell my grandparents about it. That seems to have shut her up.  My relationship with my dad was never the greatest. But I haven't really seen any further decline in the relationship.  But I feel a lot of relief now. Thanks everyone!
e8b7f2	My boyfriend is really into superheroes and sci-fi and his favorite movies and shows are Marvel or Star Wars or Game of Thrones but I don't like and haven't seen any of that. When he and his friends hang out they always watch something in that vein and I get bored because I don't understand what's happening, don't know the characters except for those from memes and so on. He recently got upset with me because I didn't want to hang out at his friend's place since they were planning on watching some superhero show on Netflix. It wasn't a huge fight but he thinks I'm not putting effort into learn about his interest, meanwhile those kinds of movies bore me so I tend to forget what he tells me about them.  So do you think I'm TA for not trying harder and should I?
e8b4ah	The story- There is a girl in our class who usually hangs out alone but my best friend being the kind person she is convinced the both of us to hang out with her. I said yes because I felt bad for the lonely girl. It went on for a few weeks but I finally told my best friend I wasn’t comfortable hanging out with her anymore, she said that she felt the same way.   We stopped hanging out with her and the other girl started hanging out with other people. A few days later she was alone and my best friend said we should go hang out with her, I said no then she said “fine, but I will not be out for lunch so you have to go hang out with her then”. I thought that was really unreasonable so I told her she did not control what I did and if she wanted to go hang out with the other girl she would have to do it alone. She acted like I was being really rude and went and hung out with her alone,  So AITA?  (I have nothing against the other girl I am just not comfortable hanging out with her)  Edit: people are asking why I am not comfortable hanging out with her and it’s because she is really clingy and constantly seeks people approval on what she does which I am not a fan of.
e8b2va	Obvi names changed for privacy    So I (23m) failed a class in nursing school last year that put me a semester behind my cousin (Em) and friend (si). It devastated me because I failed by 0.1% and I honestly had to go see some counseling to make sure I could come back to school. Well now em and si are graduating and I have an invitation to the ceremony and reception afterwards. I'm also dating Si's older sister.  I graduate next semester and am not planning on attending my own ceremony and the idea of attending theirs just makes me feel super sad that I'm not graduating with my friends. I am super happy for them and can't wait to catch up, but I honestly feel like I'd cry if I went to the ceremony and had to listen to all of my former classmates have their names read off and me just be a spectator.   I don't want to go and be sad and make what's supposed to be a happy occasion into about me being sad. My girlfriend tells me I've been to therapy and am gonna finish anyways so why am I still upset about it? I honestly don't think Si or Em would care so long as I went to the reception, but my gf (25f) is upset that I don't want to go, with her.   Well anyways reddit, WIBTA if I skipped out on going to my friends ceremony  TL;DR I failed a class, friends that are now a semester ahead are graduating and I don't wanna go to the ceremony because it'll make me sad
e8b1i9	About a year ago I moved in with my girlfriend into her townhouse that she has owned for many years. At the time we agreed I'd pay half of the mortgage, HOA, property taxes and utilities as a sort of "rent" to pay my fair share for living there, even though obviously I'm more than just a tenant.  However, recently there have been some things that have come up for the house that either needed to be done (replace broken water heater), or that she wants to be done (pressure cleaning/painting), and she has asked that I split the costs of those things as well with her. I told her I felt that since she is the sole owner of the property and all improvements and equity appreciation accrues to her, and I already pay half the mortgage and monthly expenses which benefits her equity at no equity benefit to me, she should be the one responsible for the cost of repairs or maintenance on the property.   She got upset, claiming that it is "my" house as well and I enjoy all the benefits of it, therefore I should also split the costs of all repairs and maintenance. My problem has been that when I want to make even decorative or cosmetic changes around the house that she disagrees with she'll half jokingly tell me it's her house and if I want things different I can get my own place. But when something needs to be repaired or upgraded in the property, she'll say it's my house too (even though my name is nowhere to be found on the title), and I've started to feel like she wants to have it both ways.  AITA?
e8b09q	I'm not religious in the slightest (anymore) as I've expressed to my parents, my mother espacially. But come EVERY year during the Christmas season my mother would always ask me to attend church with the family as it would make her happy. I will say, in the past I have done so "Just to make her happy" but now I'm just like why?   Sure I could do it to keep the peace for the time I'm home, and sure it's only one day out of the entire year, but if I really express my disinterest, then there is hurt feelings and guilt trips all around, but nobody even considers how I feel about it. I feel my opinion on this situation could go either way, I just don't want to be a deadbeat son. But idk, btw I'm 28 live in another state if that really means anything in this situation.
e8azjh	My best friend (BF), his gf (BFGF) and my gf (GF) went out clubbing last week (we're mid 20s). We brought my gf's friend (X) and one of my friends to try to hook them up as they're both single and both looking for a relationship. We went out for dinner first, my friend got sick, had to go home, leaving the group to go clubbing as myself, BF, BFGF, GF and X. Normally, we split the cover fee for the club between us four (BF, BFGF, GF and me) as we go pretty often as a group, once every 3 weeks or so. The girls don't pay for cover but offer to split it with us as we usually cover all of dinner and the drinks/bottles. This time, BF and I booked a table and 2 bottles and our GF's would split our cover for us which was nice of them to do. We line up for the club and BFGF tells S that we usually split the cover with their boyfriends so they don't pay the full $40 just to walk in the club and spend more money. X didn't go for this at all, which was her prerogative. It's her money and she's not dating us lol. BF, BFGF, GF and myself get into the club and the ladies hand us $20s. We're waiting for X and she was getting into an argument with the bouncer. She didn't get in for free and needed to pay $40 for cover. She ends up getting in and starts asking me and BF for cash to split her cover... We had just talked about this and she didn't want to split so we said no. She gets pretty pissy but felt free enough to hang around us still and drink the alcohol BF and I bought but didn't look at BF or me the entire night. For me, it's whatever, but my GF is upset at her behavior because now she isn't talking to any of us over this small thing that she initially agreed to. My thoughts are X was completely okay with her not paying the club entrance at all rather than pay a smaller portion of it as a group, but not okay with paying the full club entrance if she doesn't get her way and wants others to pay for her if she can't get in for free. I think you can't have it both ways and my GF agrees.        X has been ghosting my GF and she is considering cutting her off as a friend over this and I kinda support her. Are we TA or is X?
e8axff	For context, I (14F) grew up with one cat, but always wanted more (as young children do). A few years ago when I asked for the millionth time, my mom got really worked up and flat out told me no. She said that if I wanted more cats I would have to wait until I moved out so I could pay and care for them myself. As I got older, she gradually gave me more responsibilities regarding the one we have (litter box, feeding, giving water, etc.). This made me realize that having pets is a lot of work, and you don't just get to ignore their needs. I've since then mentioned to my parents that I'm content with one cat and don't want any more.   I just started high school, and as an advanced student, I'm under quite a bit of stress and have many responsibilities. My parents, however, recently dropped a bomb on me: we're getting another cat.   My initial reaction was an "Oh... okay." My parents got upset, saying that they expected me to be more excited seeing as "I'd wanted another since  forever." I told them that because I was the primary caretaker of the cat we already have (dad and brothers don't help at all, only mom pitches in), I didn't want the responsibility of another (and hadn't for years).   Here's where I might be the asshole.  I told them that if we were to get this cat (a kitten), the responsibility of training it and caring for it's needs would fall solely on them. They said that this wouldn't work, because I'm part of the household and would need to help out (this is ironic to me for obvious reasons). I just shrugged cheekily and responded "Well, looks like we're not getting another cat."   My parents got really mad, calling me a little witch, and didn't talk to me for days. It's been a while since then, and they brought it up recently. They said that they made up their minds and decided to get the cat. They got really mad again  when I reminded them that I wouldn't care for it like the other one.   Am I being unreasonable for giving them an ultimatum?
e8aw2x	My (24M) boyfriend recently moved in with me (22F). This hasn't been a fight yet, but it has caused some minor tension. We're both writing this post. It's about doing chores.   His side: I lived at home until i was 20, when I moved out i got several roommates. Which meant I never had to run an entire household, just bits and pieces of it. So I dont know all the things that need to be done, being told how and what would keep us both happy I think. I'm willing to help and all the chores would get done, everyone wins.   Her side: I just don't want to become the 'manager' of the house, when I had roommates I had to be the one delegating the work and it's pretty tiring to be the only person responsible. I think that after a while he can learn to see what needs to be done, I'm willing to help with that, I just don't want to be 'in charge' forever.   (Short example of the responsibility thing: I'm vacuuming, find one of his socks, throw it in the laundry basket, it's full, put on a load of laundry, notice we're almost out of toilet paper and refill and add it to the grocery list. But if I ask him to vacuum none of that other stuff gets done. So I'd prefer it if he learns to see what needs to be done.)   AITA for refusing to tell him what chores to do?  Edit: I've suggested making a list before, he'd prefer to have me tell him the moment it needs done instead.
e8at5c	I met a girl over the summer who is launching a brand in a niche and community-led industry that I'm involved in on a hobby basis. I've made a name for myself by starting a popular Instagram, participating in community events and networking. She didn't exactly have expertise in this field, so I often counselled her informally. when I quit my job, my friend offered I work for her freelance on a part-time basis. I was to do social media, events and lead generation, with lots of freedom to work as I see fit. Within the first month, I connected her to relevant people who have helped build brand awareness and interest, pitched the product at events, organized an expert panel etc. I think it's important for context that in my country, freelancers are hired because their expertise. It's against the law to treat freelancers like your employees.  Now, this friend/client refuses to use messengers, so we communicate solely by writing/tagging on Google Drive. For example, she wanted me to create drafts for Instagram by updating the "content plan" she started, which already contained photos and captions in a Google slide show. This means that I don't get a response til 5-6 hours later. This wasn't a "real" problem, and I thought we were getting along really well.  That is, until I got a passive aggressive text message from her one Tues, asking "whether there was any reason for a delay" in posting on Insta. I said I plan to post that evening, that the last post was on Friday and I saw no rush to post on Monday. Then she sent me a very long text message about how "she has no idea what's going on" and "I'm not in your head" and should be communicating more. I told her that I can't possibly write down all my thoughts because it takes too much time and many of my tags go unresponded which makes me feel like I'm talking to myself. And then she told me "I knew it, I sensed you weren't happy with the way I need to do things", which made me go "???? well you put me on the spot, it's not really a problem til you brought it up" I was really hurt and angry cos after months of building rapport with her, she suddenly starts acting like the boss out of nowhere.  But the last straw happened the next day. A "rising star" in the field whom I'd befriended was gonna give us a private workshop that would greatly benefit the product. In the weeks leading up to the workshop, he had been really preparing for it, even buying new tools. And then, the day before at 7pm, my friend texted me that she won't be attending the workshop and then ghosted me for an hour. She later got back to me saying that she didn't want to see me because she didn't like how our conversation went. I was completely embarrassed because I'd pulled strings to organize this workshop with this specific contact and he had already prepared for it! I gave up and told her that I can't work with her anymore.
e8arck	I (15m) sit at the front of my class right next to a power strip that everyone in my class uses to charge they're phones.  I have no problem with them charging them during class because all the teachers let them and it doesn't affect me.  The only problem I have is during recess when they all invite themselves to sit on my table and play on they're phones.  I am constantly asking them to get off my table and charge they're phones during class but every time I'm answered with insults and shouts.  To be fair to them I don't even charge my phone during recess and I think it is reasonable to ask them not to sit on all my books.  So Reddit AITA?
e8ajcu	There's probably a lot of break down to fully explain what is going on but as providing that info would lean more into looking for advice I'll leave that for another sub and try to keep this short...  My husband (32M) and I (28F) are struggling at the moment to pick someone to appoint as a legal guardian for our daughter should the worst happen to us leaving her an orphan. However the one thing we do agree on is that it won't be either of our parents.  Just for info our daughter is currently 9.5 months. My parents are 74 and 66. In laws are 62 and 60. Currently those she's may not seem like an issue to them, but to me the age gap rules them out as suitable guardians. I struggled growing up with people assuming my parents were my grandparents and my sisters were my mother (there's average 20 years between me and my sisters).   In another ten years the youngest of the grandparents will be 70 and I honestly can't see them being able to keep up with a 10 year old at that age. Also if husband and I have another kid the age gap will be even bigger.   Side note: we and my parents live in the UK. In laws live in Australia. Most of my extended family lives in Germany and Australia. No other relatives live in the UK on either side of our family. My dad has 3 other daughters and other grandchildren but I am my mums only child and my daughter is her first grandchild (obviously). My husband has an older sister who is 3 years older.   My dad seemed happy with our decision in this regard but has since changed his mind which I believe is due to my mother although she won't admit it.  In laws also aren't happy but aren't currently trying to influence our decision.  But the snide, passive aggressive comments are really starting to get to me and make me feel like an a-hole.  Namely the comments like "Do you think we couldn't look after her?" "Losing her parents will be traumatic enough, don't take her away from her grandparents too" (okay that one's not so passive) or my mum specifically "I would never abandon her and I'll move to wherever she is."  My husband's starting to feel like maybe we should think about his parents as they are younger but in just not comfortable with that.   I'm really afraid I'm starting to lose my nerve but know of we appoint one set the other will be upset so it's a f-ing lose/lose no matter what we do.  But am I, or would I be, the a-hole if I stick to our position that our daughter will not be placed with grandparents.
e8afpr	I have the flu. I’ve had it all weekend and it sucks but I’ll get over it in a few days.   I tried to text my manager and supervisor this morning saying, “Hey _____, it's losergirl10000 . I’m fighting the flu and sore throat and was wondering if I could stay home and rest today if we can afford it. Please let me know.”  I DID NOT GET A RESPONSE FROM EITHER OF THEM.  I thought that was pretty rude and pulled myself out of bed to get half ready but I’ve decided that I am not going. I am sick and I don’t feel well. I have sick time in the bank and I have only used 4 days this year.   WIBTA for not going to work after not hearing from either of my bosses? Or will I be an asshole for leaving my team hanging on a Monday?  Edit: We as a team have discussed the best way of communicating is by text message. It’s how we always handle sick days.  Edit 2: I am supposed to go in at 8am. I texted them both around 5am when I woke up feeling like shit. It’s only 7:28a now and I still have time to go in if I wanted.
e8aavr	My girlfriend (18F) and I (18F) have been together for about eight months now. We've kept it as a secret to her family because of past homophobic behaviors they've had. However, we told my girlfriend's sister (14F) about our relationship about four months ago and she was totally supportive. She even helped us to meet several times. She is lovely to us. Recently, my girlfriend has been going through a severe depression episode. During an argument with her mother, she told my partner that she had known about us for a while. She added that she liked me and that I had a spot and a place in her family (also because my girlfriend and I started as best friends). However, she strictly told my girlfriend that we had to be secretive because it was our duty to take care of my gf's sister and father. And that we had to respect the world's functioning. She also stated that my gf's sister had to develop her own personal perception of the world by her own.  I quickly talked to my girlfriend's mother and I told her it was not my responsibility to take care of her family by hiding the love I feel for her daughter. I told her that my girlfriend's sister has known for ages already and that if she really wanted the kid to develop her own mindset she was doing an awful job by hiding things away from her (because she probably knows a lot more than what she tells!).  I'm not sure how I feel, AITA?
e8a9x4	This actually happened over 10 years ago when I was around 14.       I was in the city centre with a friend and I just happened to be looking in the right direction to see a toddler with their mum and dad. The toddler was running and all of a sudden fell over. To me the fall seemed comical, the kid basically planked and because he was running he slid a bit on impact too. He did not hit his head but he did cry.      With how suddenly it happened I couldn't help but audibly laugh. However as soon as I did the fathers head span towards me at lightening speed. He shouted something along the lines of "You think that's funny?!" and proceeded to chase me and my friend for a good two minutes through the town. I am grateful we were both relatively fit kids and didn't get caught.      Now I understand someone laughing at your childs misfortune simply can't feel great, but arent a high percentage of "funny clip" tv shows made up of kids doing stupid stuff like falling over?      After all these years I've never been able to decide if I was actually in the wrong or not, hence this post!      Thanks guys.
e8a591	College student here & I'm actually graduating this week! When I first came to uni I was in the wrong major for 1.5 years, so when I made the switch into my current major I had 0 friends in the college. I quickly fell into a friendship with a girl we'll call T. She was super welcoming and always wanted to chat.  I should mention that I have MDD. Being in a major with tough critiques & always feeling inadequate didn't mix well with this. T soon noticed my lack of spunk & would ask about it from time to time. When I would share, it was always quickly waved off w/ "omg me too. I'm so depressed right now b/c look at these bags under my eyes.." It would always be about that. Her eye bags were every convo ever we had. It got annoying fast & I realized that she would never be able to be there for me as a friend like I was for her. On the rare times she didn't talk about her eye bags, she brought up issues with her mom and dates & self-worth & I would always try to help as best I could, even if it just meant listening to her complain and nothing more.   Flash forward: T and I have found two other mutual friends (A & L). A & L and I were talking about taking a day trip out to a nearby town when T walked in & attempted to invite herself. That's fine,  we said she could tag along & tried to make a date for but always at the last minute T would flake. So after weeks of trying, I thought we all had given up until one day, while I'm still in my PJs, A & L show up to my place and tell me we're heading out. I'm totally down for it & head off to have a really nice time! Unfortunately, a week later L felt incredibly guilty. T wasn't asked on this impromptu trip & they felt they should confess to her. Somehow, the blame got placed on me - the lady who was so unprepared I was still in my PJs.  I end up getting tons of messages from T about how awful I am for doing this behind her back, etc. I try to explain to her that it wasn't my idea. I'm sorry. But she won't hear it. I'm a terrible person, a terrible friend & I eventually lose myself.A terrible friend? After always being there for her & kind to her despite her completely cutting me off & complaining about how her face looks when I talk about my depression. I didn't expect her to solve my problems, but at the very least she could have gone a minute listening to me before trying to compare it all to her distress over her eye bags. So I confess to her that I think she's kind of a bad friend. She immediately blocks me on all Social Media & I endure years of being glared at in the classes we share.  Now we're both graduating this week & over the weekend T sent me a DM on instagram. I saw the preview for it & it looks like an apology. But I don't want to open it & I don't want to respond. I've grown past the whole issue, moved on. I'm not going to accept her apology for flipping out on me & destroying a relationship just to make her feel better. Does that make me an asshole?
e89y56	A bit of context on the gay dude part, apparently he is her best friend, and they have been doing this for years, mostly when drunk. I have accepted the matter so far, but i grew to hate this over time the more i think about it.  I've known this thing for months, we got about a year together, but now it has grown into more of an issue for me.  I have questioned it multiple times, mostly for myself due to not wanting to cause drama, and i feel that it has placed a permanent mistrust in my head on our relationship, think questioning where she goes, questioning who she is with.   Last time we were drunk together i asked about it, and she got pissed off about it. I questioned why she got so pissy about it, and all she could say was that "you have known this thing for quite some time now, why would you get mad at it now?" I said badly by telling her to go fuck herself, we "made up" in the morning, but i'm honestly really confused how i should treat this situation.  Am i really the asshole for getting mad at her for keeping up the "kissing a gay dude is fine" stuff, or am i in the wrong? I Tried accepting it for quite some time, but now that it's bothering me, i'm getting mad about it.
e89vwg	A few months back I created a clan on a game called Warframe and brought a bunch of members. They all got close and even went as far as sharing account information. Soon one of the people who shared their account left because they were transfering from the ps4 to PC. The member who had that players account info gave it to another member without permission to raid the account. The two members took everything from the game, they were gonna change his passwords, and use his credit card to buy a bunch of games also. After I had stopped it we were all still punished for being involved, most of my clan members were just guilty by association. After almost 2 months me and the other people who were wrongfully banned are starting to get our accounts back, but the people who did this are mad at us for getting it back because they are staying permanently banned. Now the player who came up with the idea is gone but the one who gave up the info is still in my clan. I want to remove him but my other members disagree saying it's his first time doing a bad thing. Am I the ass for wanting him gone?
e89tih	My grandmother (late 60s), some of her friends(early 60s) and I have been playing Wordfeud(Scrabble clone played on your phone) together for years now. I've won pretty much every game so far.      I was chatting with my sister today, who at some point mentioned she and her boyfriend would lose on purpose a lot.   I stated that I'd barely lost a game since I started, and this led to my sister saying that what I was doing was kind of dickish. Her boyfriend chimes in and agrees that I'm being a dick by not letting other people win.       I can kind of understand their view, but I firmly believe I shouldn't treat adults like children just because of their age.        In addition, my grandmother and her friends play the game to stay sharp, so I feel like playing bad would be doing everyone a disservice.       AITA?
e89qkn	Last month I (24) adopted a cat from a shelter because I decided that I was responsible and financially stable enough to take care of one. My roommate (25f) came with me to help out because I did want her to be somewhat involved because we do share an apartment. However I made it abundantly clear that he is my cat for a couple reasons. Primarily, we’re not going to be living together anymore after our lease is up this summer. I also cannot trust her with taking care of him for more than a few days as she does no chores around the apartment unless I ask and she can’t take care of herself.  I’ve called her out a couple times for not respecting me as the cat’s owner.   He was sick when I got him and so I needed to take him to the vet. She let him out of the acclimation room (claiming she “didn’t know”) and so I had to get him out from under the couch so we were late for the appointment-which she came to for some reason.  She’s also bought him toys when I told her not to buy anymore (he has plenty).  Last night was kind of the last straw. I have him on a set feeding schedule. I got him a puzzle feeder that I use from time to time so he doesn’t get bored and last night, after I had fed him (regular and a little bit of his favorite wet food-which is already a treat), she pulled out a bag of the food I got that he doesn’t like and completely filled the puzzle feeder “as a treat”. I got upset with her because he had already eaten and asked her to put it away. She got mopey and defensive but said okay. She still left the feeder, full, within his reach.   These are just some big examples, it wouldn’t be so bad if she didn’t challenge me as a cat owner almost daily (her parents own cats) and if every time I tried to have a serious conversation with her she acted like a child being punished.   I’m not even going to mention the other issues that don’t relate to the cat. That’s my problem for deciding to live with her for another year.  Edit: I want to clarify the toy thing because I didn’t describe it very well. She’s allowed to buy him toys but at this moment he has a lot because we both went overboard when I first got him. I said that I didn’t want to get him anymore toys until after Christmas. She went and bought him 10 more (they came in a pack).  2nd edit: I also want to clarify that I’m not asking her to ignore the cat. I love that she loves the cat, I just want her to also respect me.
e89m14	So me and my friend Holly went to a concert last week. The tickets went on sale a few days before Holly’s birthday and she got 2 VIP tickets for her and her mum and I got a normal ticket.   About a week before the concert Holly tells me that her mum said that I could have the VIP ticket and if I gave my normal one to her mum. So now that I have a VIP ticket, I get a gift bag full of exclusive merch, including a signed poster. I told Holly that I would give the poster to my other friend Mia (Holly and Mia have never met btw) as a Christmas present as she likes the artist as well and I don’t really have enough space for another big poster in my room, but Holly told me not to because the poster is “like her mums gift to me”, but her mum doesn’t like the artist that much and wouldn’t listen to her if it want because of Holly talking about her and playing her music all the time, so I don’t think it’s that big of a deal to Holly’s mum and I don’t think her mum really cares what I do with it. Also, if it’s her mum’s gift to me, why should Holly get to decide?   I now want to sell the poster anyway because as I mentioned earlier I don’t have enough space, and the poster can sell for about £40.  The bag also had some other stuff and I have something else for sale and I have already sold the bag and vip lanyard thing. I felt kind of guilty about it though so I sold it for a low price. I also plan on giving Mia something that came in the gift bag as well, as the only thing Holly mentioned was the poster, and I think the thing I’m going to give to Mia would be difficult to sell.  Sorry this is a lot of text for such a small issue, but would I be the asshole for selling this signed poster that I pretty much got for free, even though Holly wants me to keep it?
e89jzd	I (23M) finished secondary school (also known as High School, from UK) 5 years ago.  So I was not that popular in school. Wasn't really bullied per se but definitely looked down upon, likely because I was fat and socially awkward. Since leaving HS and going to University I changed a lot. I lost weight and gained confidence, had relationships etc.  So one of these "popular" girls who I felt looked down upon me who is organizing it made the event on Facebook. We'll call her Kate. She messaged me on Facebook and asked whether I'm coming because I didn't put whether I'm going, maybe or can't go.  I didn't respond as I didn't have time. But my intention was to definitely NOT go. It's the last place I'd want to go back to.  So as I went to a store in the high street I bumped into her. She recognised me and we made small talk. Then she asked me whether I'm going and I said no. So she pressed and asked why not and the first thing I blurted out was "I have more important things to be doing". She looked taken aback by that.  Me and my friend (23M) were stuck on whether to go to pub or a bar and we chose bar. So we went to a bar and I see this girl eyeing me and my friend gives me the okay to leave him and go for it. I end up approaching this girl and asking her to sit down and talk. We end up flirting and having a laugh.  My friend ends up seeing some other mates and he goes to them. As I'm flirting and chatting with this girl for a bit, Kate and about 15 other people from my HS (mix of guys and girls) start coming into the bar. I try to pretend I haven't seen them but through my peripheral vision see Kate and some others giving me a death stare. I could just feel negative energy coming from them.  The girl I'm with asks if I know those people and I said don't mind them. So as I go to the bar to get a drink for us both, Kate and this other girl from HS are at the bar and tap my shoulder and said "You think you're better than us? Why you trying to act so cool?". I was shocked by what they said and I asked what their problem was, and Kate then called me asshole because I lied about having important things to do. I then said "I don't have to answer to you".  Anyway my mate comes back to us with his group and asks me and the girl I'm with if we want to go to a club and we both say yes. She asks her friends to come with and they agree.  We're a little drunker now and then we're in the club for about 20 mins until Kate and others show up. Kate tries to say the same thing at the bar of this club so I go smoking area and one of the guys I knew in HS who was also at the reunion said "you're a real dick you know that, why did you lie?".  I felt weirded out and told him to fuck off and mind his business. I found it bizzare that these people felt like I owed them something.   These events were bizzare. I genuinely didn't see myself as an AH but now several people from that reunion said it. My mate I was with said they were weird and I'm not AH. AITA?
e89fma	Repost for reasons of lack of understanding.  English is not my native language, so sorry for any mistake.  I was on a stressful day, very tired. To start the story, I must say that the present girl is my best friend for years... On the same day quoted at the beginning, she sends me a message criticizing me for not notifying her of a video of a Youtuber in which we really like. I, as a good friend, said in a joke tone that I would improve and talk about all the videos of it. But then she began to criticize me and say thatI would go off to another friendship and that I was worthless. Remembering that she is the same person that I dropped very important things to help her, whatever the situation, I was there for her without charging anything in return. So, I said still joking and holding so as not to "explode" and end up leaving her hurt that I would go with a girl she was jealous of (yes, she didn't allow me to have many close friendships), and then she became angry and cursed me with all the hate.... Because I have low self-esteem (which would not justify if I were the asshole) I end up blaming myself and feeling that I drive away those I love, and she who never accepts being wrong for any reason, disappeared from my life and her friends came to talk me horrible things. I don't know if I did wrong somewhere, if I lacked animation to answer it but, I feel guilty... I'm the asshole
e89bym	Im not english native, sorry for my grammar.   So, yesterday(Saturday) was my birthday, Last Saturday I told my parents my parents what i planned for my bday and they said it was fine. Basically my plan was to make to do an insomnia from Friday to Saturday playing with my boyfriend, if we couldnt handle being awake all night i would go sleep at his house, then I'd have lunch with him and at night I was planning on having dinner with my family, best friend, my sister's boyfriend and my best friend's boyfriend. I planned everything with my sister, her boyfriend and told my parents to come too, my boy couldnt come cause his parents Wanted him ti have dinner with them.  Dinner was supposed to be at 8pm but my best friend's boyfriend was only ready at 8:30 PM, she said that in our group chat so i thought i didnt have to worn anyone since The guests were on The group chat.  I spent the night and day with my boyfriend, we played till 5 am, The we slept and when we woke up we went to lunch together, while i was with my bf, my dad and my sister texted me at night saying "happy birthday" and my mim called me to wish me a "happy birthday" then me and my bf went to play a little more after Lunch and at 8:30pm I was already home.  When I arrived there was no one home and my best friend texted me asking if we were ready, but no one was home so I texted my sister asking if she was coming to the dinner after all and if her boyfriend was coming too. She told me she wasn't coming because her boyfriend was already having dinner and that she was with my mom at my aunt's house.  My father was working so he couldn't come to the dinner and because of my parents and sister I ended up not going to dinner at the place I had planned because we were only three people, i Wanted to have dinner at a special place for The first time with all of. Them and also the place was kinda far from where we live and it was my best friend who came to pick me up in her car, i didnt wanna bother. Apparently my mother and sister were upset with me and calling me ungrateful because I didn't have spent my day with family.  When I got home, they didn't wish me a happy birthday personally or hug me as usual and my sister's been mouthing and mad at me all night...  My dad phoned me when he was still at Work to talk to me and i told them what i was feeling and why and he called my mother after saying what i told him and my mim didnt care.. She just called me and sai that i was ungrateful and a bad daugther and that i didnt spent my bday with them.. I just walked away saying "k wtv" and went to sleep.  Later my sister told me that she didnt came to the dinner because she thought my bf was coming too and that she didnt want to be a third wheel since there was me, my bf (that didnt come), my best friend and her bf... When I was planning this dinner I informe everyome that my bf couldnt come to the dinner... Sooo yeah...
e89an0	Okay, hear me out.   My gf and I basically got into some kind of argument without her telling me the reason as to why she was upset. I was confused, upset and kind of angry about that.   So I decided to share my feeling and thoughts about the argument with a friend.  Then, nearly a day later, my gf told me what was up and then I understood why, this changed my thoughts about the situation.   Then, today, she wanted to read what I said to that friend and I told her that, while she could if she wanted to, I’d rather she wouldn’t as it no longer projected my thoughts and she’d be digging up more emotions about the argument.   This upset her and I tried reading the conversation aloud, but she wouldn’t listen. She’s now angry/upset with me.   AITA?
e89078	Context mandatory. Some days ago, I was talking with a couple of friends about a 3rd person, which cousin is about 6-7 years old and her mother still breastfeeds her occasionally. At one point, the conversation went about the lines:   * Vegetarian friend: "How is possible that someone can still breastfeed after 7 years?".  * Friend 2: "Well, as long you keep breastfeeding..." * Vegetarian friend: "But after so long?" * Me: "After so long. Think about how long a cow is being..."  I couldn't end the sentence. My friend's face turn red of anger. I was called several things by the comparison. How I can be such a douche to compare a women with a cow. Telling me in which conditions they live. That I am a misogynist and so on.  I tried to explain that I am NOT comparing cows with a woman, but breastfeeding with lactation, they might be somewhat different, but in essence are similar (at that point she was as red as a tomato). And that the life conditions were the point, because as long as you maintain certain stimuli, you can milk them for a very long time, but it doesn't mean I am advocating for it, think that I didn't mention in any moment.  She left calling me asshole (among other mean stuff). The other friend, said that was not the best example. I conceded it, but I didn't think that she will be so belligerent, as we know for a fact that she drinks latte, with COW MILK, twice or trice a day or that she eats cheese and eggs regularly.  &#x200B;  So, guys, AITA?
e88y0y	Mid this year my dog passed away, and i have felt quite empty since. But as time goes by, it gets better, and so i have started thinking about a new dog. But before considering anything about getting a new dog, i wanted a name. So i have been thinking for quite some time about what I'd name it.  So a week ago i finally thought of a name i liked.  I searched through dog name sites but i never saw any i liked, instead i read the name browsing and decided i liked that. And being excited about figuring out a name i liked, i told my close friend who is a big dog lover.  When i first told her she thought i was kidding or joking, and when i told her i wasnt, she told me that it was a name she wanted for her child one day.  Now i did not know this was a name she wanted, but she had thought i did (hence the thinking i was joking). Infact coincidently the previous week i had actually asked what names she would call her potential children, to which she responded "I don't know". I asked if it was because she didn't want me to steal them and she said yes, all jokingly. But still, i was unaware of the names prior to telling her about my dog name.   Now she's getting denfensive about my wanting the name, and has basically told me not to use it because we couldn't be friends anymore. This is definitely an exaggeration from her, but i do believe she would br quite annoyed and pissed if i was to use it. Her boyfriend also seems to be on her side of this.  The asking her about her child names was not intentional for me not picking the same name as my dog, it just came up. And normally i would concede to not using the name, because i know she has had them in mind for at least a little while. But because i HAD asked prior to telling her my dog name, and her not telling me, i feel i should not have to give it up and that it is her fault i picked the name she wanted. But even after making this argument to her, she stills seems to believe i shouldn't use that name as it is hers.   So WIBTA if i used her child's name for my dog?
e88v5i	During my student years I had one group of close friends. There were fights from time to time but it was ok. Two friends started to date last year. When I finished masters I left the town. Anyway, conflicts began to arise (mostly between two females) and sort of two groups formed (college and friend he started to date plus my former roommate and other group of female and male colleges). They almost did not see each other and it was very cold. Anyway, I liked both groups and enjoyed company of both, always trying to visit everyone when I was in town etc.   Two colleges started to talk about starting private practice. I did not toke them seriously since they did not even informed themselves but they asked me to join them. I said yes. They don't want to cooperate with that friend from title (and honestly, he is good friend, but I wouldn't want to run private business ether with him). I told him when they asked me (but it was long time ago, maybe year ago) and we continued to be friends as usual (with usual coldness between two groups). I even had some earning projects with his gf and we cooperated greatly (but she is from different profession).  About month ago two colleges started to seriously do things on private practice/business front and I did too with them. We started with social media presence so when we open in 4-6 months we will be able to reach interested people more easily and that couple certainly noticed. AITA for, I don't even know? I need some reality check. I was in tricky situations few times because of that animosity of two groups and I don't know, trying to stay in contact with both of them and not take side? I am confused a bit. Help reddit lol.
e88oo1	AMIA for not wanting to help my mom pay the bills?  So I (17f) just started my job for the first time. I get paid weekly and I work 3 days a week, 6 hours a day, $8 an hour. My mom recently moved away from my dad and is taking care of me and my brother alone. I don’t have my own card yet and when asked for it, she told me that she would let me get one but I would have to pay my brother’s daycare bill ($200). Earlier that day she asked to borrow some money from me when she found out I got $30 in total from tip. She’s had a history of “holding” my money for me. Although I would help her, I also want to be able to have spending money for myself too. I definitely wouldn’t be so hesitant if she had asked first if I could help pay bills instead of demanding me to do it if I wanted a card. As it is right now I’m really annoyed and unsure if I want to pay that $200. Am I the asshole?
e88kgk	My grandma was always manipulating me into doing what she wanted and comparing me to others from a young age. Now I am very self conscious and can’t even step out of my house without feeling like everyone is judging me for everything I do. No matter what she always makes me feel like it’s my fault, even when I have nothing to do with what happens.  My older cousin says that I am ungrateful and that my grandma deserves an apology. I feel like it’s a bit too harsh always ignoring her and never answering her phone calls, but she makes me feel like garbage and doesn’t even care if she makes me cry. AITA?
e88kga	Im a stocker for wholesale distributor. Its an under the table job. They sell weed products there and everyday I'm risking trouble because weed is illegal where I live.    Both bosses think they can get over on everyone. Just found out me and my coworker are being paid $3 less than everyone else has started out with. I know because one of the ladies at the other warehouse (she's been there 4 years) told me about how everyone starts higher and that we need to get a raise. So I confronted the bosses about it and they said they won't give a raise until a few months down the road.  At the warehouse they push everyone to point of breaking. Without going into much detail the work load is meant for 4 people but it's just 2 of us right now and my coworker being an overweight woman can't keep up. So it's mostly me doing the labor and she runs the cash register while helping me where she can. They get mad when I can't work at the level they expect even tho it's just me doing the lifting and they're literally standing next to me not helping.  They're foreign so they speak a different language and talk shit about me when I'm standing in front of them. I know because they'll point at me and look me right in the eyes while talking in their language and laugh.   One of the bosses tries to be a tough guy and puff his chest out at me becuase i have a dominant/take charge personality. Admittedly I pissed him off on by checking out his wife's ass in front of him. Didn't know she was his wife.   Now they want me to drive a big ass box truck to pick up supplies that's in the next town over, about 150 miles away. A big city and I've never drove a box truck. Wants me to drive alone on my 1st trip because there's only 2 of us working there since the last guy quit. They also want me to pay for the gas to get there out of my pocket with no reimbursement.  My coworker is a good person and i don't want to see her get in trouble for trying to feed her son. But I don't like that they're screwing her over. I want to give the police a tip about the illegal weed being sold but don't want her and i to get in trouble.  For now we're both looking for different jobs. She's already had multiple interviews and I've already found a new job I just haven't started yet.  Edit..after reading the comments I've decided to just let them be. Mostly because i don't want to get in trouble and my mom works at one of their stores and i don't want her to get in trouble. I didn't think about the butterfly effect it would cause on all there other businesses and people who work there.  The whole point of me telling was becuase I don't like how they try to push everyone around. I know it will continue when i leave and that's what eats at me the most. Someone else is going to have to deal with this shit.   For now I'm just gonna refuse to drive. Its only a few more weeks till I start my new job so even if they fire me I'll be ok.   I guess if I waited till after my mom leaves them I could tip the tax evasion people.
e88hrg	Me and my ex finally split up about 3/4 days ago after being on and off for a few weeks, and she has been messaging me every day asking about us. Questions like: “How could i have been better” / “ Would we have worked if i wasn’t so sad?”  (she suffers from depression) / “Are you going to miss me?” etc.   Every time she messages me i ask her why we’re having these conversations and why she thinks it’s going to help her move on. I am extremely uncomfortable with these conversations as they do not help me move on and i believe it’s unhealthy for the both of us.   I tell her i don’t want to talk about it and then she proceeds to call me horrible for not giving her closure even though i told her when we broke up i was unhappy with the relationship and i had been for some time. i’m no saint, i admit that i have hurt her with my actions before, too many times to count and i’ve always apologised for my actions.   Throughout our whole relationship i prioritised her needs over my own  and for once i’m standing up for myself and doing what i need to do, every one seems to think i’m the asshole? She has had her friends calling me “a waste of space” and that i’m “nothing”  because of the way i’m treating her.   Am i the asshole?   TLDR; ex wants closure about us but i’m extremely uncomfortable speaking about it with her so i refuse to talk to her and have received backlash from the way i treat her
e88h11	Hi guys.   My ex gf and I have been business partners for about 5 yrs (while we were bf and gf).  Due to many differences in our way of thinking and way of life, things did not work out and this year we decided it was best not to continue the relationship and the partnership. But we still have many responsibilities with the business because we acrued debt. So we agreed to continue working together until the debt is paid.  The current company is very unstable because we don't have a team and she is very reluctant to add more employees, so we are understaffed and overworked.  I debated with her about what we should do and we don't come to any agreements. So I explained that I will try to setup another company and I will partner up with some one else to help me set up a proper business so that when this business inevitably fails we still have means to pay our debts. She told me to do whatever I wanted.  So I partner up with another person for a different project and I decided to use one of my suppliers because they are reliable on product quality and we have a long history of doing business.   Naturally I needed to get my new partner to the supplier. So I  inform my current partner about what I'm going to do. Her reaction was a total shitshow.   She feels offended and betrayed because I am going to use one of our suppliers for my new company, and that im taking my new partner there.  The thing is **I'm not even going to sell the same things as we sell on our company**.  You see, we sell handbags and accessories. The accessories part not so much. 90% of our revenue comes from handbags.  My new company is for jewellery and beauty. I would NOT be a direct competitor.  She says the real problem is that im taking my new partner to our supplier and that that is unethical but I really dont have much of a choice since  1) I dont have the time to search for new reliable suppliers. 2) I already have a history of understanding and trust with our supplier which I cant simply have with a new supplier.   3) I cant do all the work of the new company by myself, so I really need a partner and they need to be in contact with the supplier. 4) I wont be competing with our business.  So, the question is: is it really unethical as she claims, me taking my new business partner to "our" supplier  to purchase jewellery?  Does she has base to feel offended and betrayed?  AITA for making those decisions?   I did inform my partner of my plans, is that enough or I shouldn't have made those decisions in the first place?  TLDR My current business partner (which is my ex gf) and I will soon part ways, but due to responsibilities with the business we will keep working together until business debt is repayed.  I explained that I will start a side business to which my partner replied that I can do whatever I want.  When I partnered with another person and decided to use one of our suppliers, my current partner got offended and feels betrayed.
e883lq	Hello Reddit,   I am a 28 years old male, living in Europe. During the childhood days I lived with both of my parents. We were rather poor, but my parents always have spent a lot on my education. Unfortunately my parents, especially my father were quite abusive, not allowing me to make any mistakes, talking about them for years, few times it even happened he beated me, also with bare fists to blood, without any good reason. I had nowhere to look for help, whole family was an enemy to them and I was also the only child.  Being 20, I finally went abroad and tried to figure out the life on my own, but I did receive some financial help from my parents every now and then, when I had nowhere else to ask for help. Inside, I was a mess, but I slowly started to meet friends, build up confidence and social skills. I was calling my parents every few days and they seemed really supportive to me. While living abroad, I made a few good decisions - after years of struggling and borrowing money from my friends every month, I started earning visibly more than my parents summarized. I have also met a wonderful girlfriend, we're together for 2 years, slowly planning the future.  Unfortunately every now and then (even before I got a nice job) my parents asked me to take a huge bank loan with them in order to renovate a house, that my grandma left to me. My beloved grandma, arch nemesis of my parents, is still alive and lives in that house. I have realized, my parents are really bad when it comes to managing money and keeping the promises (already took a small loan once for them), so I have always kindly refused the offer. I did not believe that "I will have to start paying it just in 5 years". Also, I don't know what will be in 5 years and if I won't be needing that money. In order for them not to nag me to death, I gave the rights to the house to them.   Yesterday, father called me with that tone, I was hearing every day as a child. It was not a cool dad tone anymore. He told me I am getting the documents from the bank on my email address in couple of days and I have to sign them. There is no way I am not signing them and he is the head of family and he has the last word here. I asked him in a really chilled way to relax and explain me once again what family is he head of. That made him extremely pissed - he told me if I don't sign it, he will grant the right to not see him and my mother again. And that I should not come to his funeral and he will not come to my wedding, blabla. Then the call ended. I wrote my mother a message that I am sorry, but I can't take the offer. I mean, they just bought a brand new SUV few weeks ago, both are working and not struggling, like in the old days. Also, to my knowledge they are both really healthy.  I think this is the point of no return, if I reject those papers, I will have no parents anymore. Am I the asshole for rejecting it?
e87zzf	I've been housemate with Joe for a couple of years now, and we are pretty close. I just got my long awaited raise for my job and I can finally rent a bigger and better apartment. My current apartment is honestly in fine condition. It's medium sized, cozy and to be honest there's nothing really wrong with it. I just want to have bigger space.  However, Joe gently reminded me about don't be "greedy" on the things that I wanted, and I should save up more for the future. I suspect Joe thought that I'll rent another apartment without him, and I invited him to live with me, saying that he can still pay the same amount of money he's paying now. He got a bit pissy and say that I don't get his point, which honestly, I do get his point, but I feel like I should enjoy my well earned money and do what I wanted. I have my savings.  He then continued saying that i should think about how it affected him due to now he has to pay his rent alone, which will be doubled when I leave. He couldn't really move out from there since that place is kind of historic and nostalgic for him, and in a way, I know how it meant a lot for him. It's just I need a fresh air.  I do think a lot about this situation and sometimes I do think that I'm being selfish in a way, but at the same time I should think about what makes me happy and do what I want.  AITA?
e87wau	At the tale end of August this year one of my neighbors was moving. She was stressing over where her cats would stay while she finished moving and getting settled into the new place. She told me that she needed someone to look after them until this Friday, or Friday next week at the latest at that time. She added that she'll pay me for watching them. I agreed to watch them because how hard could pet sitting two cats for a few weeks tops be? I started pet sitting them on the 1st of September, fast forward to today and I'm STILL watching them. I've barely been paid at all. Worst yet I wasn't informed of their behavioral issues until after they were in my place. They are not fixed, not litter trained, they can't eat wet food, and the black cat is crazy. I neither enjoy cleaning up their spray, nor their nasty carriers. She was keeping me efficiently supplied with pet pads and dry food for a little while and visiting but that's not happening at the moment.  I've expressed to her more than once that I've been watching them for much longer then originally agreed upon, and that I need her to come get her cats. She keeps giving me times and dates on when she'll come get them and never follows through. She always has some story or reason why she can't come get them. I'm tired of being asked by my mom and her in home care worker 'When is that lady going to come pick the cats up?' I keep tiring to pep talk myself by saying I'll be justly rewarded by either her or karma. My patients gauge is slowly but surly emptying. I'm going to run out of patients eventually. The thought of drop them off at the local no kill shelter has been floating in and out of my head lately. No, I'm not just gonna up and drop them off with out warning. I'm going to give her a 30 day warning to come get them or have a family/friend come and get them.  Would I be the asshole if I dropped her cats off at the shelter?  Edit: I'm not ready to give up on the situation just yet. However, I will get to this point eventually if she doesn't pick them up. I'm planning on issuing the 30 day warning when I'm close to giving up. I just posted this for some advice for if/when I go down this path.
e87umq	We've had my cat for nearly 7 years now and from the get go my mother was against taking him in. I found him in a bin outside my house when he was roughly 7 months old and we had two other cats at the time. The agreement was that I would have to take care of him if we were to take him in. I was 12 at the time so I wasn't expected to pay for his food but I did feed him, clean up after him and house train him. He was always very anxious about going outside. His tail would puff up and he would freak out, sprinting back towards the house within seconds of being out the front door. I assume due to juvenile trauma. So for the first 6 years of his life, he lived happily as an indoor cat and was not expected to go outside. He also suffers from fur-loss when he's anxious and licks his stomach/legs until the fur comes out and causes a wound to the skin which he had not had an issue with for years.  Present day now and I've just returned from my first semester at university. The house is a mess. I partially expected this knowing my family so I began cleaning. I cleaned my cat's water and food dishes, the food dish was disgusting and had dried food and flies around it. The water dish was somehow worse as I found two large shards of thin glass in the bowl. Upon asking my family when they last broke glass in the kitchen they said about a month ago which suggests that’s when they last cleaned out his bowl. I could smell urine and feces in my room but I couldn’t find anything and I then realised I was smelling it through the window, walked into the conservatory and found months worth of feces behind the sofa there. I cleaned this up and complained about it with my mother.  I told her that he is an indoor cat and is becoming increasingly stressed living the way she is forcing him to. I showed her pictures of the feces and the wound on his stomach he now has from overgrooming. She brushed the stress wound off and said it was because I haven't been home. I told her it's likely because she hadn't given him a litter tray and was expecting our house trained cat to use the newly installed cat-flap and go outside which was just not realistic and that he was likely stressed by the idea of either having to go outside or use the spot behind the sofa. She said that since I have been home, he has not been overgrooming. I said that forcing him to go outside because it's more convenient for her than changing a litter tray is not fair on him that she needs to step up and care for him or I would take him to university with me when I move out of halls next year. She argues that he is a "family" pet and says I cannot take him. I told her that if she wouldn't let me, I would surrender him to a shelter where he will be rehomed and given the care he needs.  I want to add that was the hardest thing I've ever had to say in my life. Her boyfriend has given out on me for saying what I did and called me selfish and suggested I just want my cat all to myself.  So, AITA?
e87r6x	So, this is kinda complicated. In August, my uncle wanted to buy me a ticket to a festival. Because of technical difficulties, we ended up with a spare ticket. The festival sold out really quickly and a friend of mine (friend A) didn‘t get a ticket, so I offered him that he could get the spare ticket I had.  He is disabled so he can take someone to the festival for free - that person does not need a ticket. So he deciced to ask friend B if he wanted to come. B agreed, he also agreed to pay 50% of A‘s ticket.  A gave me the money in October, I gave it to my uncle (as he was the one who bought the ticket). However, A only gave me his part, B was supposed to give me the other half of the money. I expected him to message me about it eventually but he never did. A few days ago, I asked him about it. By that time, I had already given my uncle the money I received for my birthday to pay for B‘s part of the ticket. So I messaged B. He said he wasn‘t able to pay right now and that he didn‘t know when he‘d be able to do it. He kept coming up with arguments like „I lost my purse so I can‘t ger into my bank account“ (which simply isn‘t true, he can still use PayPal or just go to a bank and do it there - no purse or bank card needed!). He also said he has to work at night - yeah well, most people work, so what?! He also said he thought he was supposed to give the money to B, not me. However, even if he did actually think that, it wouldn’t make a difference - he hasn’t paid B either so he knew he had to pay SOMEONE. I told him that I really need the money now because otherwise I won‘t even be able to get Christmas presents for my family.  I asked him when and how he was going to pay and he kept giving really vague answers. I messaged him several times and sometimes, he just ignored me. so I told him to just go to a bank and give me my money. After all, he‘s had time since August to sort it out.  He then snapped at me, telling me I should leave him alone and give hin time to come up with a way to give me the money. He said that I called him lazy, and that I was being rude and not understanding. I never called him lazy though, I don’t know where he got that from. I replied that all i want is my money, and that he knew he had to pay for the ticket. He now ignores me. I told him, if I don‘t have the money next week, A will find someone else to come to the festival with him.  Is it rude to ask for the money? If it was like, 10 bucks or so, I obviously wouldn‘t be doing this but it‘s well over 100€ and I‘m fucked if I don‘t get the money soon.
e87ouc	My friend is the straightest women you can imagine. She's genuinely a nice person in a lot of ways, but she loves shoving "gay content" to me just because I'm gay. Needless to say I got pretty uncomfortable as she squueeee-d!! At every cute gay couple that she ever met. Some of them enjoys the attention, most of them? They don't. When I got my first boyfriend it's pretty awkward when we hang out together, and I asked her to stop, which she did.  We share Netflix account and there's a lot of gay themed movie that was recommended to me, and while I'm opening YouTube on her laptop, (I use her laptop to rig 3d models and my laptop is shit, both of us study vfx) there's almost nothing else but gay content. It got to a point where I feel fetishized and refuses to do any affection towards my boyfriend because of it. I told her about this that she would only make me and the other gays uncomfortable for a lot of reasons and they didn't say anything because they don't want to offend her.  She got pretty defensive and say that she has rights to do what she wants as long as she's not hurting anyone, and it's not a sin to be an ally. We had this long talk and she ended with "I can't believe I can't talk about gay stuff with my best friend who is gay." I got pretty pissy because that just makes me feel like my sexuality is me in general, and not other things that makes me a whole complete human being.  My friend group got divisive. Some said that probably I should just ignore what she likes and just ignore her whole shtick because she's an angel despite the whole gay obsession thing, and some totally relate to how I felt.  Am I overreacting? AITA?
e87nfj	I’ll give a short summary of the situation. My boyfriend (24m) has been having a pretty severe depressive low lately. I do what I can to help, but I have my own mental/ emotional problems I’m coping with.  He’s recently picked up smoking again, and I’ve tried to steer him towards healthier coping mechanisms (I gave him an old drawing tablet, he’s had an interest in drawing).  However, he smokes a few times per day, and, us living in cold winter Wisconsin, he does it in our apartment. We don’t have any outdoor balcony. He just sits next to an open window. It doesn’t help. Our apartment smells. I asked him to stop smoking inside. He said he would. Just now he started smoking in our kitchen by the window. I said “hey, put that out, you said you’d stop”. He then by-the-book gaslit me, saying “No, I said I’d stop doing in IN THE LIVING ROOM. The window here is open, leave me alone” (he definitely didn’t say that, I’m pissed he’d just lie like that). I don’t think I’m an asshole for telling him to either not smoke or take it outside, but ESH would also make sense to me considering it’s winter. Thoughts?
e87lop	So just for context I have two bad knees, both are just degenerating. So after work I enjoy sitting down on the train, there are some kids that tend to be a little selfish on the train (have ignored it for two years now) but today really took the cake  Basically I enter the carriage, in Aus we have 4 priority seats per carriage directly next to the doors for easy access (for disabled, elderly, pregnant ladies or people with prams and such). Basically these kids were sitting in the priority seating, I moved along since all seats were full and was a lil annoyed that they were taking up priority seating but didn't care much. This was until a very elderly gentleman who regularly catches the train moved into the carriage, he obviously struggles to move and needs a priority seat but these guys just looked at him and moved their stuff so no one could sit near them.  Am I the asshole for emailing their school (its supposed to be a very prestigious school in the city or something) and suggesting they discuss train etiquette with their younger students? I feel guilty and like Im just growing into a Karen or something but I feel so bad for that elderly man. Just to be clear I do not think I deserve priority seating at all, I always try to keep clear of it so people who need it feel comfortable just taking the seat.But these kids travel from the city, they had like 20 straight minutes to sit down, is it just me or did the old mate who was struggling to stand deserve the seat more  Edit: thank you all for your replies. I really really agree that its a strong ESH. I should have politely confronted them and taken the chance to educate them about train etiquette. I appreciate all of the honesty so much and will work on just manning up instead of taking the cowards route of behind their back. I definitely should have known better and I was sucky in this situation. Thank you again- Al
e87lc9	Here is a little background story: we have been classmates for three years but we are not really close. When my friends came to visit me for my birthday, one of them kissed me in front of my crush, which made me really upset for two reasons. The first one was, that I wanted my first kiss to be with someone I actually care about, and the second one was, that my crush (that everyone knows I'm in love with) saw it. I take partial responsibility, because I could have drank less and make her stop it, but I still feel like, I got taken advantage of.  So in two weeks I'm making a proper birthday party, and I really don't want to invite those three, because what one of them did, made me really depressed. I can't only invite two of them, because they do everything together. Does not inviting every single one of them make me an asshole? Thanks for your answers!
e87i48	I (30M) have recently been gifted a substantial amount of money from my aunt (She is 74).  She has given me this money to buy a house together with my girlfriend.  My brother (32) has received a small loan (around 20K $) from my aunt in the past, and has been slowly paying her back. A few months ago my aunt told my brother he didnt have to pay back the remaining 5K$ of that loan.  Me and my aunt have always been very close and although she lives quite far away I try to visit her a few times a year. This is not the case for my brother. He hasnt been visiting for years and my aunt rarely hears anything from him.   After I received this money I immediately told my brother and mother, because I didnt want any trouble down the road. I also explained to my brother it made me a little uncomfortable that I have gotten all this money, and he didnt. During this conversation (which was 2 months ago) he got extremely angry with me and told me I should have never accepted this money from her in the first place, because he believes he is not treated right. Ever since this conversation with my brother he hasnt spoken to me and is not picking up the phone whenever I try to call him.  My mother is not really angry with me but thinks I should have thought twice before accepting this money. She is very angry at my aunt though for “splitting up her boys”.   AITA for accepting this money and not thinking about my brother? Is my aunt the asshole for not giving my brother any money?   Thanks!
e87i32	We are all in our campus cafeteria, my friend M found out the day before LATE at night that her ex attempted to cheat on her while they were dating WITH HER FRIEND. And allegedly had another girlfriend on the side.   When we got  to campus the next day my friend M was visible upset basically almost crying. We were debating things and trying to make her feel better when our (F2M) friend J told her to just get over it already and that it didn't matter. I calmly told J that he was being disrespectful and that she had a right to be upset and he had no reason as to complain about her talking about her ex because J was still talking about his ex. He got pissed off and STORMED off. My other friend Q was fucking livid to the point she refused to talk to me after class (Q and J are besties) and it was never mentioned again. But I cant help but wonder if I was being rude as I know I can be blunt and confrontational.
e877xa	Here's some context for my story. I have chosen a career, of which I actively study at university, where having a great reputation matters throughout and after my schooling.  Professionalism and having a good attitude go hand in hand in this line of work. As of now I feel this is at jeopardy.  This situation involves a close friend, "Amy", and this friend "Joey"and *I.*  Joey is studying the exact same thing at a different university and is potentially planning on transferring into the same school and program that I attend currently. Since my program is smaller I would have to see him whenever I'm at school.  I met Joey through Amy, who I've known my whole life and trust fully. Further into their friendship Joey began showing insecurities. He constantly would gossip and shit talk his close "friends" to Amy. Eventually, for no reason, Joey began telling people he had slept with Amy, which never happened. This caused unnecessary drama for Amy and it has affected her reputation. Recently, through Amy (it's 100% true Joey has said these things) I have heard Joey has said to multiple people that we were having sex, which has NEVER happened. It makes me feel extremely uncomfortable that rumors like this are circulating. I don't want him doing this to other people nor do I want to endure his immature behaviors.  At my school, professors, who teach me directly and who would be responsible in Joey's admission, keep the well being and safety of students in mind. I know if I were to complain about Joey to my professors he wouldn't be allowed into our program.  The program I am in is very popular and would take him far in his schooling and career.  So, if I say something to my professors and they don't let him in, he could end up being set back in his schooling and career.  Those close to me have said I would be an asshole for telling my professors about what he has done to Amy and what he might do to others. Reddit, WIBTA?
e877rx	My best friend and I are both about 40, and have known each other since school. He's had a rough time this past few years: he's not long out of rehab for alcoholism, which has apparently been a problem for a while. When he got out he discovered that his wife cheated on him whilst he was away, though they are now apparently patching things up. Summer last year he also nearly died of sepsis, though he made a full recovery, at least physically. There's also obviously been some depression in the mix.  I went down to see him earlier this year before he went to rehab, because things were bad and it sounded like he needed a friend. I'd also been down last Christmas with some other friends, again with the mission to go and cheer him up. But visiting is difficult: he lives about 4 hours drive away, in a corner of the country where I have no other reason to visit or pass through, though my parents live about 3 hrs in the same direction, so I usually tie in a visit to both if I can.  We used to see each other several times a year, but in the last 4 years since he met his wife, he's not visited me once, save for one time when his family briefly stopped by for lunch because his wife had some sort of interview nearby. They had a baby in that time, and I can understand that takes up time and makes it harder to get away. Yet his wife manages to travel up North to see her family relatively regularly (much further away than I live) while he looks after the kids.  Recently I was down visiting my parents in my old hometown (where his parents also live, and we went to school together). My friend knew I was down and initially I'd considered taking an extra leg out of my journey to travel down there from my parents', however since I was on a limited time window, I then suggested to my friend that he came up to our parents' town and we met there (1 hr drive for him). He said he couldn't, because his wife was ill. This might have been true, but seems to be continuing a pattern where he never leaves his town.  Now I'm torn. I'm utterly fed up of being the one that always makes the effort in this friendship. But at the same time I feel bad because I realise he's having a tough time, and wonder if I should be there for him, though now I increasingly question whether he would do the same for me. I've decided to not bother to do this anymore, until he makes some effort too. AITA?  TL;DR My bestie's had a tough time, struggling with depression, illness and alcoholism. We live far apart, and whilst I make trips to go and see him, he's not reciprocated a single time in 4 years. AITA for deciding not to bother anymore?
e86yoa	So, I’ve(23M) recently graduated and looking for a job, and my gf(25F) is currently working normal hours. I tried to be understanding that she’s working and is tired after work and all, but I feel that she treats me like her slave.  She is a messy person similar to me, and I have to clean her mess up all the time. But when I bring cleaning the mess up, she’ll say that she’s tired from work and in the end, I had to do it  (which she caused). I just feel that she’s being unreasonable that I should do the chores just because I am unemployed.   So recently, we had a big fight and I told her off that she should help around the house, and now she’s being unreasonably angry at me saying why I didn’t do the chores sooner. So I flipped her off. AITA?  Edit: to clarify, I am financially independent of her and we have our own places. But she makes a mess of mine, and I make an effort to clean the mess I make at hers.
e86xgn	  I was on a stressful day, pretty tired. To start the story, I must say that the girl present is my best friend for years... On the same day mentioned at the beginning, she sends me a message criticizing me for not notifying her of a video of a Youtuber in which we were accompanying. I, as a good friend, said in a joking tone that it would improve and talk about all the videos of it. But then she started criticizing me and saying she was going to go for another friendship and that I wasn't worth anything. Remembering that she is the same person I dropped very important things to help her, whatever the situation, I was there for her without charging anything in return. So I said still playing and holding for not &quot;explode&quot; and end up making her hurt who would go with a girl she was jealous of (yes, she didn't allow her to have many close friendships), and then she got mad and cursed me with all the hate... Because I have low self-esteem (which I wouldn't justify if I'm the asshole) I end up blaming myself and feeling that I push away those I love, and she who doesn't accept never being wrong for any reason, disappeared from my life and her friends came to tell me horrible things. I don't know if I did it wrong somewhere, if there was no animation to answer it, but I feel guilty. Am I the asshole  Edit: I'm learning english, forgive me
e86x8i	Finals week is upon me, and as an avid procrastinator I have a lot more on my plate this week than usual. The library is open 24/7 for the week, however that means it’s extremely crowded and study space is limited. Because of that, I’ve decided to start studying in my residence hall’s computer lab.   Since most people have laptops the lab is usually pretty empty. I’m also a night owl and will start studying around 11PM until about 2 or 3 in the morning. This way, I don’t have to worry about taking up people’s space if they need a computer.   Earlier, I was studying for my Japanese final in the lab with my roommate when another girl comes in. It’s about 1 AM at this time, and I thought she was coming to print and then go, but she sat down and started to work. I didn’t have a problem with this, it’s a public space after all. She then started playing music from her phone without headphones. I also didn’t mind this at first because I was also playing some classical music from my phone since it was just my roommate and I. I know music helps people focus, and since it’s finals week I understand the need to study in their best conditions. I turned my own music down when she came in so she wouldn’t be able to hear it on the complete other side of the room.   But she turned her phone up to full volume. I have sensory issues, and the slightest unplanned noise or sensation can shock me out of focus and make me feel physically sick. I’m not asking for special treatment because of it, but I felt like she was being completely inconsiderate and rude. It’s a public space.  She stopped playing music and then decided to browse Instagram or snapchat, and so there were now loud videos playing as well. She’s laughing and singing along to music and I’m now entirely out of focus.   I asked her to please turn off her music or use headphones as I was trying to study as well. She called me rude and selfish, saying it’s a public space and she’s free to do whatever she wants here, and if I have a problem with it I should study in my dorm room at my own desk.   I don’t think I was being selfish. I understand it’s a public study space but I think playing your music at top volume is rude. Also, my room is a forced triple (meaning three people live in a double room) and my third roommate is sleeping. I don’t want to disturb her when i have a free resource right down the hall. Should I just have left her alone?
e86v2e	AITA for getting mad at my roommate for finishing my bag of chips?  Context: i bought this bag of chips few weeks ago from a supermarket an hour away nd have been saving it bc I wanted to eat if at the right moment because they are THAT good  Today, i came home at 6pm on an empty stomach and saw that bag of chips EMPTY in the garbage can. Yes. Empty. And I texted in the roommates group chat and found out one of the roommates ate it without asking me and she explains to me,  She thought nobody wanted it bc it’s been there for a while, and was hungry at the moment and did not think about it, AND she did not know whose it was (when my other roommate told me she asked last week whose it is and found out it was mine)  I didnt call her out bc i didnt want to throw my other roommate under the bus. AITA for being super annoyed at her? How do I not be annoyed bc I really think this is straight-up rude for her to just FINISH the whole bag without asking at all, and proceed to lie about it.
e86uon	I know that the title sounds like I’m TA but hear me out.   I work in a supermarket on checkout and often have parents giving me half opened/eaten food that their children ate during their time shopping. While I don’t think it’s ok to open food and other products before you’ve paid for them, I understand that some parents have a difficult time in supermarkets with their kids so I wouldn’t ever make a point of telling the parents not to do that in the future.   Generally, a parent will hand me an empty food packet and explain that their kid ate it and ask politely for me to put it in my bin after I scan it. I always oblige, because I have no reason not to.  Today, a parent did not use their manners and instead chucked an empty yogurt packet at me. No explanation or “could you please put this in the bin for me”.  They chucked it towards me and didn’t even acknowledge it.  So, I scanned the rubbish and put it in their shopping bag. I felt pretty petty at the time and put it in a place where it would clearly be seen as they were unpacking their groceries.  I feel bad now because they were probably just stressed and feeling overwhelmed with their child and didn’t think to use their manners but I also don’t like being treated like I’m not a human being when I’m serving customers, so, Reddit, AITA?
e86ucl	I love the holiday season and the joy, cheer, goodness, peace, warmth, holiday spirit that it brings.  However, I loathe holiday gift giving. The notion that I’m expected to give gifts to people just because it’s the holiday season is ridiculous.  My family and extended family all love to spend money and buy things for holiday gift giving. There’s nothing wrong with this. The problem is that they force this on me, someone who hates doing holiday gift shopping / giving / receiving. I hate spending my time shopping. I dislike holiday gift giving because gift giving simply because everyone else is doing it is not a strong enough reason to do so, for me. I dislike receiving holiday gifts because, as evidenced in the past, the gift giver expects me to give them a gift and if I don’t then they’re very disappointed/angry. Isn’t the point of the holiday season to spread love, joy, cheer, to give without expecting anything in return? Also, of holiday gifts I received, most were useless to me, so I end up either throwing them away, donating them, or re-gifting to someone else. If holiday gifts aren’t going to be valuable to me, then I’d rather not receive them at all.  I’m done with the stress, drama, conflict, disappointment caused by holiday gift shopping / giving / receiving. Never again.
e86rz7	My bf and I are in our early twenties, we used to live in his parents house where we had to share one space. We moved to a foreign country for a couple months. He's a big gamer. His whole life currently has revolved around playing video games with his friends over game chat for about a year or so. He often plays late into the night. Since having to share close spaces and the bed has always been near his gaming set ups I've had trouble sleeping because he's playing games and being loud, sometimes obnoxiously. Almost everyday I have to ask him to be a bit quieter because I'm sleeping, have a migraine, or it's very late in the night and others are trying to sleep in the apartments near us. Our sleeping schedule is completely messed up because of the time zone difference in our current country and the country his friends are in. Theres about a seven hour difference. He's made his schedule based around when his friends are awake, which means my schedule has to be that aswell. Medically I require a bit more sleep than an average person and this is something that he's always known and never said anything against. About once every few weeks or so we get into an arguement about how I constantly remind him to be considerate of his surroundings and to calm down when his games get rough. Lately I've brought up how this is a consistent problem that he always says he will work on, but theres no evidence of any change. He has tried to turn this around and claim that he cannot be changed and I need to stop trying to mold him into a perfect person. This is not my intent, I'm trying to help him be a considerate person. He says that he's just going to stop giving a shit altogether. I don't know what to do.  EDIT: INFO; We've together for over four years, have recently gotten engaged. We moved out of the country originally with saved up money for a career choice for him and I was his support. We decided this was a lot harder than it seemed and stayed for fun and to learn more about the culture. When we go to our home country we will get a house with separate spaces for our privacy, I will get a job, and he will start an at home business.
e86q9n	I have a new neighbor who I met for all of 5 min who wanted a couple of tools they were missing to assemble some furniture. They did say they would have it back to me in a day but it has been a couple of days and they haven't returned it or mentioned that they want to keep it longer. I particularly like the tools I lent to them and I feel I don't trust them with using it right or losing the parts. AITA for wanting to have it back or am I being too uptight about my stuff?
e86pji	So last weekend my girlfriend and I (who live in a town two hours away from her family) went to see her parents. We were there over thanksgiving, and her family suggested going to a nearby city (they live in a small town). They were planning on jamming six of us in a pickup designed for five people. A storm was rolling in, with a few inches of snow forecast. I said that I wanted to take my own vehicle, so that we all had a seatbelt, in case of an accident. Now, I do have some anxiety issues, and being jammed four-deep in a backseat designed for three, I would not have been comfortable. They told me that the whole purpose of my girlfriend and I being there was to be together. I told them I wanted to be safe. They got very upset and scolded us. Nevertheless we took my vehicle. I dealt with a lot of flak and now I’m wondering if I was the asshole. Please let me know folks. Thank you.
e86nkb	My (16F) bff ran away on Friday. She would sometimes tell me how she wanted to runaway and start new to me. I just brushed it off. Her behaviour has been off and reminds me of how my uncle with BPD behaved before his diagnosis. She had been distant from everyone and saying how she doesn’t care about anybody. She has unstable friendships (she’s cut me off twice and came back to me apologising) and moodswings.  Today (sunday) she replied to my ig poll saying ‘i ran away lol 🙈’. I messaged her back instantly to ask if she was okay. She said she was in a place where nobody would get her, how she plans on not returning, that she filed a CPS report against her parents, and that the shelter she is in called her fam. She told me she was deleting social media. She stopped replying to me. Her family called me and questioned me an hour after that. I told them and they said she was lying. Nobody called them and CPS never spoke to them. My friend also claimed her parents kicked her out a month prior, which was not true. A lot of her lies have come out and been debunked. I was confused bc my friend says she loves her dad and brother more than anything in the world, yet she said to me she left bc of them. She told me her family problems and her fam was not abusive at all. They were sobbing while I was talking to them.  A few hours later my friend messages me and asks why I snitched. Idk how she knew. She said her parents were going to get dirt on me by asking around and that I’m involved. I asked her what that meant. She told me to stfu and she hates me. She deleted her social medias.  I feel awful. I told my friends and some said I did the right thing. Other people said I could have put her in danger and I shouldn’t have broken her trust. I am so torn and heartbroken. Only one guy knows where she is but he won’t tell anybody bc he doesn’t want adults involved even tho she is 16 and missing?? I’m so confused. Did I do something bad?
e86ml0	Last year, i started college and became really close with one of my roommates. But slowly over time i started to notice the way she treated me. Here are some examples of things she said to me: “i asked my mom if I could buy you therapy for Christmas.” “You’re anorexic. Get some help.” Oh no you definitely won’t fit in that.” “Yeah trust me I can tell you’ve gained weight.” “You’re just lazy.”. Now all of these comments and more were made about my weight, my intelligence, my social life and friends, my school work, my mental health, literally anything she could criticize, she did. She constantly isolated me from our friend group and made sure to tell the rest of my friends lies about me so they would no longer want to be my friend. I slowly began to believe those lies and became extremely depressed. After this past summer, i healed. I realized that i was not the problem and that no one has the right to make anyone feel that way. So i have greatly distanced myself from her. But as my boyfriend and her boyfriend now live together, i do still have to interact with her occasionally. The other day she approached me asking about our friendship and claiming I only care about my boyfriend, don’t spend time with anyone else, asking me about my weight and my school work again. She once again was trying to manipulate me into being the friend she wants. Instead of going off on her and explaining that it’s really none of her business, i lied. I said everything was fine. I was moving past what happened last year and not to worry about it. I am afraid that if I full on confront her and end this friendship completely, it will put a huge strain on my boyfriend and his living situation. I just want to keep the peace. So basically I need to know if I’m doing the right thing in this situation or just being an asshole. Thank you :)
e86k7b	On top of everything that has happened this week, my housemate has yet again, proven that she can’t do basic chores. She leaves piles of her bagged used kitty litter on the balcony to begin with, and I just came home and the bathtub is full of kitty litter as she uses it to clean her kitty tray.   I’m busy as hell. I work five days a week. I go to night school two nights a week and do an online course. She doesn’t. She’s home more than I am. I’ve seen her sweep the floor, but she just leaves piles of dirt randomly and it’s not until I do something about it, it gets swept up. I do 99% of the chores.   I get it sometimes that maybe the dishes don’t get done for a little bit but now it’s getting to the point of hygiene and it’s really starting to trigger my anxiety.   We’ve been in this apartment for two months and I already want out, but because I paid for the bond I can’t and it’s not an option.
e86jtp	Necessary backstory: myself (31F) and my wife (29F) have four beautiful dogs. Two males, one neutered one not, and two female, one spayed one not. One of the female dogs was a surprise adoption when my wife’s aunt died—we were the only family members in the area, and didn’t want the dog to be rehomed to a stranger, so we talked and decided to take her in.  Before we could get her spayed, she went into heat—and our male dog impregnated her, so she had a litter of six healthy puppies. My wife and I have had a mostly easy time finding homes for all of them—except for one.  She has really bonded with one of the puppies and is having a hard time letting go. I have pointed out that the mom was aggressive with the puppies since they were weaning, and the dad dog only ever barks at them. I have also read that oftentimes the puppy forms an unhealthy bond with the mother, making it difficult to train or bond with as humans. Not to mention that our other four dogs have SO MUCH ENERGY and we are already so busy as is and four feels like a lot to me. The four dogs sleep in the bed with us, and while I do love them, sometimes I just want a peaceful night snuggling with my wife and I can’t imagine adding a fifth dog into that mix. So if you’re still with me, WIBTA if I didn’t want my wife keep a fifth dog?
e86hq6	This is going to sound like a validation post, but because my sister in law can't stand people getting in her business and gets really angry if people do. I'm not sure if this is the right thing to do or not.       Basically her dog has lost the use of his back legs, she was saying she has a harness to excercise him in but apart from that he just kind of drags his legs around. I saw a video on Reddit of this custom made wheelchair and it looks like it changed the life of this dog. I was thinking of suggesting it to my SIL. She works as a college professor and her husband is an engineer so it's not like they don't have money
e86gtz	My boyfriend is black, born in Africa, and I'm  Caucasian (a pale white Irish/Welsh blend). He calls me "my ni*ga" in an ostensively jovial, inclusive way (eg: You totally get me, my ni*ga!" or "My ni*ga, listen to me - this movie I saw was....")  I tell him that i don't think it's funny or "ok to do", and he's responded by increasing his usage of the term. He admitted he does this on purpose because he thinks it's a funny way to tease me, even though I don't feel like I'm in on the joke.
e86g2n	I'm 15 and I recently started going to the gym to lose weight and to become fitter (I'm not overweight, I just want to lose a couple kgs to get a flat stomach.) My mom insisted on coming with me for my appointment with a trainer. The trainer asked questions about me, and my mother answered them all before I could say anything and exaggerated about everything, saying I didn't eat ANYTHING (when in reality I was eating 1300 calories a day.)  Fast forward when I started to actually work out she wanted to come, which I was fine with for the first day or two. As I was working out and walking across the gym I saw her using the machines without asking anybody if she was allowed to. Afterwards I told her not to because she could get in trouble but then she got very upset and started shouting at me.  The next day she said she was coming with me so she could go on the machines again and I said "do you really want to come, you don't have to if you don't want to" which I understand was passive aggressive and I shouldn't of said that but then she started screaming at me telling me that I was ungrateful and rude.  When I came home she completely ignored me and when my father came home she started crying to him about how I'm so mean to her and made up these lies trying to make me seem bad and calling me ungrateful. I apologised later when I thought she was in a better mood but then she continued to say I was so rude and ungrateful when in reality I was trying to avoid any problems with her and the gym? This isn't the first time she's done something like this and I don't understand why she always gets so mad and why she always lies and manipulates others to believe her. Am I the asshole?  &#x200B;  EDIT: She is not driving me there, my older brother drives me and she was in the car, and my mom does not work so my father pays for the membership. My mom does not have a gym membership.
e86fuf	Hi guys, new to Reddit and this entire sub! So bare with me. This story is a bit long!  Throwback to this Halloween. I was going to hang out with my best friends of 12 years. We’re all 17-18 years old. We were conflicted if we should go trick or treating since we’re a bit old for it. One of my best friends (calling him Nick) really wanted to go get candy, so we agreed to go out and trick or treat. My girlfriend tells me that her Halloween plans fell through so I invite her to come with us. She asks if we’re going to be trick or treating or just hanging out. I tell her probably a little of both. She explains to me that she thinks it’s immature and inappropriate to trick or treat at this age. She believes that a group of teenage boys asking for candy is scary and disruptive. I tell her that we probably won’t trick or treat much, and she should come. She agrees.  So my friends and I meet up, and Nick goes up to a couple of stores, we wait behind him, suddenly feeling slightly self-conscious. My girlfriend seems pretty uncomfortable and mutters to me that we’re scaring kids and should leave. I tell her that I’m not trick or treating, just Nick and that he can do what he wants. As he goes up to another house, she says to Nick, “okay, you finally got your candy, are you done?” And she made some other remarks about him seeming like an 8-year-old. He didn’t say anything back. I regret not defending him there. We stop trick or treating shortly after and continue to walk to a park.  I begin to talk about Star wars with Nick. After about 5 minutes, my girlfriend says, “okay, can we talk about literally anything else other than Star Wars?” We both go quiet. After a bit, we see a donut shop and Nick says we should get some, to which she (apparently) replied, “if you want one so bad you can get one yourself” (she denies saying this, Nick said she did, and I never heard). We eventually end up back where we started the night and he leaves.  The next day, Nick and I had a good conversation about why he was upset. He was mad that she made him feel like an 8-year-old and kept shutting him down during the night. Additionally, Nick felt that she was a guest and didn’t have the right to take so much control alongside her rudeness.  So I sat my girlfriend down and told her I was frustrated with how she treated him. She got pretty mad at me for agreeing with him. She thinks that Nick is a misogynist that can’t deal with a woman who voices her opinion. Her evidence for this is that he has a submissive girlfriend who is very shy and that he got mad when she took control. She says her vocal criticisms about trick or treating being immature are logical and that she has a right to say it to his face because she is right.  I told her that she’s wrong, that he’s not sexist, and she was rude. We got into a huge argument about it. It was never fully resolved, and yesterday, we got into it again. AITA for taking my best friend’s side in this? Is she right?
e86dsk	I think I know the answer to this but I’m in a bind. I had a friend over the other night and she took off her glasses and put them on the couch next to her. I didn’t know she had taken them off as we were watching tv and I wasn’t staring at her. My puppy must’ve gotten them at some point and chewed them. My dog hasn’t chewed glasses before (I also wear glasses and put them on the nightstand next to my dogs bed at night, never had an issue) but she does like to chew. If I had seen my friend take the glasses off I would’ve warned her not to leave them on the couch, just in case.   As soon as I noticed I apologised and offered to replace them.  Obviously eyesight is important and I offered to take her to replace them as soon as the vision Center opened. She confirmed the that it wasn’t an emergency and she would let me know a time that worked for her.  I drove her home and checked in with her every day to see if she had her lens prescription and when she wanted to go.   Now, I currently have $54 in my bank account. That’s it. No savings. It’s been a rough year, but all my bills are paid and I have food for myself and my dog. I get paid next week, but again no extra. I do have some available credit and that’s what I’m going to use to pay for the glasses. I was planning on taking her to the Walmart vision center which is very affordable.   Tonight I got a text from her with her expired prescription and the exact model of glasses she wants. This model is $200 without prescription lenses and they’re only available at  specific eye dr. They’re not the same ones she had before, but they’re the only ones she likes. She also needs an eye exam done because her prescription ’ is a couple years old. She doesn’t have vision insurance so the total at this specific eye dr is over $500 and I can’t afford to put that much on my emergency credit card.  I have offered to pay for  the lens and the frames at this dr or to pay for the whole exam and less expensive frames and lenses at Walmart (total about $200).
e86dlv	I really like the style of my favorite musician. She has these earrings that she wears in all of her photos. It took me so long to find, but I finally found similar earrings and bought it for myself as a gift to celebrate me getting a new job. They are silver and they don't cost much, but I fell so confident in them, I wanted to wear them on my first day. I bought golden earrings with pearls for my sister from the same place because she told me what she wants for her upcoming birthday. The ones that I got for her are much more expensive. When I got the package, she was at my place for Thanksgiving,  so I put on my new earrings and gave her the ones that I got for her because she happened to see them anyway. She didn't even try on the ones I gave her but asked to try on my new earrings. Then she asked to wear them to work for one day, I said okay. It's been a week and she hasn't taken them off. I've been obsessing over these earrings for months and I got to have them only for a minute. My last straw was when she talked about how these earrings look like they are made for her and they are exactly what she was looking for, but I remember her making fun of how that musician looks in the photo in those exact earrings. I asked her to return them and she said that I promised her new earrings for her birthday and she got very very offended. Then I asked her about the expensive earrings I actually gave her for her birthday that she tossed away and she said that it's none of my business because it was a gift. My mom even called me to ask why did I offend my sister over some earrings. Now I am left without one thing that I truly wanted and was obsessing over for months, spent a lot of money for earrings that my sister basically tossed away like a toy that she didn't like and my whole family thinks that I'm a greedy a..le.
e86bge	Me and my gf have been dating for quite a bit now, and as the holidays approach me and my best friends made a vacation plan to Vegas the week before christmas. I had told my gf about the trip plans but did not give an exact date but did mention it will happen after my final exams. A week later I told her my plans and she gets angry with me. I did also mention that I would be going the week before Christmas since that week had the cheapest tickets and would not disrupt us from being together on Christmas day. She then tells me she had already made bookings for that week to participate in Christmas activities, which I proposed we could do it the one day after my exam or after Christmas but her retorted with "it won't be Christmasey anymore".  I have attempted to give her an alternative plan but she insists I come back a day early, or cancel the trip. (I can't come earlier because me and my friends are crossing to the US with my car to get to an airport.  Just to add I do not celebrate Christmas since I am not Christian but she is.
e86afz	I've started to post here quite a bit as I'm realizing I have a very entitled family and I'm not sure who's ever in the wrong anymore. I can be pretty hot-headed and I'm wondering if their sense of entitlement has rubbed off on me in these kinds of situations.  Basically, I was low on money and I decided to sell some of my old books. I have two overflowing bookcases in my room so it was time to let some things go. I like to buy things with my own money because that means I'll be more responsible with it, but I don't make much as a student which is why selling things online sometimes can really help me out.   I started stacking up the books I was planning on selling when my LS (little sister, 15. I'm 18.) comes into my room. She sees a book that's, btw, all in Spanish which she has taken in school but is by no means a Spanish speaker. Rather than ask me for the book, she takes it from me and heads back to her room. I asked her what she was doing and that I was planning on selling that. She told me that since I'm selling it I should just give it to her.   I'm kinda getting pissed because LS just walks into my room and takes something because she assumes she has the right to. My mom got involved when LS started getting loud when I told her that no, she could NOT have the book and that I am going to sell it. LS was throwing a fit calling me a horrible, mean person, greedy and so on.  If she had asked me for it rather than just assuming she could take it, I would have let her have it, even though she really wouldn't have been able to read it.   My mom is on her side and tells me I'm being a bad big sister for not giving her the book and that I'm making it a problem. I get how this can be petty but I feel disrespected that LS feels she can just steal something from me and that my mom let her do it. Like I said, if LS had asked me for the book I would easily have given it to her but the fact that she stole it from me and didn't bother to apologize or ask but would rather get someone else involved to tell me off really annoys me. I feel like she's doing whatever she wants and hiding behind my parents (or a huge tantrum) when she gets called out. I realize I probably could have handled this better but this is a constant theme with her and it's getting really irritating.
e869pq	I needed to deep clean the bathroom in our apartment. I had to move my roommates stuff on the counter so I could scrub the sink and counter. I then return her stuff in the same area, just neater and all together instead of spread out on the counter. My roommate arrives home and she is pissed that I touched her stuff. I’m laying in my bed with my boyfriend and our door is propped open and she comes into the door frame and said, “Didn’t I tell you not to touch my stuff? I think I did tell you that. Don’t touch my stuff.” I know it doesn’t sound bad but she came off very rude. My face instantly felt red and my stomached dropped because I was just anxious about the situation. My roommate then proceeds to the bathroom and shuts the door to take a shower. I didn’t have a second to explain that I needed to clean the bathroom because it really needed to be cleaned. I start ranting to my boyfriend about how she’s touched my food and my stuff in the shower before and i’ve never snapped at her. I don’t understand why she acted like that over something so small in my own opinion. My boyfriend doesn’t think I should be as angry as I am and that I should let it go. But this comment of hers is the tip of the ice berg of other things she done but that’s not the point of this post. So AITA for touching her stuff instead of going around it?
e869af	(obligatory apology. I'm on mobile)  I have been working at a local fast food restaurant for almost 2 years now. I love working here. So much so that I became manager and have begun to work my way up. About 2-3 months ago, we hired a 16-17 year old girl. All of management had a meeting due to her hire because of the few mental issues she has. Which are, but aren't limited to, bipolar and split personality disorder. We agreed because she seemed nice enough. Let's call her Jessica. She started out great. Until the lying started. She constantly told us she was a compulsive liar. And she began to refuse to do any work. Even the simple task of taking care of guests. I treat her like I treat any coworker, with respect but I won't do their work. Last night, we were extremely busy and she begun to refuse to do her job. I asked her to stay behind front counter and help guests. She began crying over me simply asking her. About 30 minutes later, I caught her running out the door....leaving 4 hours early. So I simply asked her why she continued to work in such a stressful environment if she knew she couldn't do it. She started crying again and ran off. I knew I'd been rude asking but by then, I was frustrated. Then tonight, I remember asking her to check on a few things and sweep under a table, other than that I left her alone. About 2 hours after she'd left, I was being told that she was telling the restaurant manager that I was being rude and an absolute bitch to her non-stop. It made me mad but I ignored it.  Then the manager for the night told me he agreed with her and thought I was being uncalled for since I didn't baby her like everyone else did. It made me even angrier to be treated like a child and that he stood with her. I may even lose my job apparently if she decides to continue this. Another coworker sides with me saying that she's most likely lying about a few things. Am I really being an asshole or is she just someone who needs attention? I really don't know anymore...
e864xa	This is something that's been bothering me for the past couple weeks.   I have an alcoholic friend who may be using drink to cope with the death of her grandfather and various psychological issues she's admitted to having. I've suggested to her that a counsellor may be a good idea if she feels comfortable with going to see one.   I want to help her as much as I can because she's really suffering, but I'm starting to feel like the way I'm doing it is wrong.   So, my friends and I all recognise the issue and yet we handle it very, very differently. They continue to play drinking games with her and such and basically take the bottle away from her when they think she's had enough or gone too far -- by which point she's already more or less unable to stand.  I don't agree with this and suggested phasing out competitive drinking which lasted for about a week. I don't feel like we should cold turkey the alcohol away from her, but I also feel as though encouraging her to outdrink everyone else in a game is not going to help. Instead, I try to spend time with her doing things that interest her as I think this may also help distract her or at least cope through business and company. In a similar vein, whenever she's explained to me that she wants to drink because she can't be alone at night, I've had sleepovers with her and she's generally drifted off soundly.   Sometimes I'll walk in and my friends will have played a drinking game with her. She'll be pretty gone and will be necking the rest of the bottle in secret after they'd taken it from her. But seeing this, I won't take it from her. I feel as though I run the risk of hurting her or causing a fit or some other negative response if I literally snatch it from her while it's to her lips. My friend will all turn around, see me doing nothing, and will be like, "what the fuck, man?"   I've thought about it, and I'm struggling to figure out if what I'm doing this wrong. They don't seem to want to treat her differently to everyone else because that might alienate her, and so maybe the way they're doing it is right?   So, AITA?
e864l5	Recently my younger brother (12 y/o) talked back to my father during an argument so my father snapped and flung his phone across the room like the crazed person he is and now I think his phone is broken. My father put it away that's why I'm not sure.   Now that I'm going to have a new source of independent income soon, I've been thinking about getting a new phone for myself since my current phone is laggy as hell and the battery life is pretty much over. But that was before the incident. I could only afford getting a single phone with my money. Also even if my father decides to correct his mistakes and get my brother a new phone I know he can't because money is a little tight at the moment. My brother doesn't know I wanna get a new phone.   I promised to get my brother some new PS4 games that he's been asking for and I plan to deliver on my promise. Would that make up for it if I end up getting a phone or would I still be the asshole?
e863yg	 I (21F) have been friends with Jeremy (24M) since high school, and we have helped each other through tough times. However, I am considering ending my friendship with him because of the way he talked to me after I told him that I couldn't continue to drive him.  Every week, my group of friends and I get together to de-stress, though the responsibility falls on me, twice each week, to pick up Jeremy, as he does not have a car. The difficulty is that it is a 45 minute trip to pick him up. This ends up costing me a lot of money in gas. Meanwhile, I am currently working a full-time, unpaid internship while also working a second, part-time job. Needless to say, I don't have a lot of free time or money to use. This has been the routine, and Jeremy does not see this as an issue.  Recently, I mentioned this, calmly, to Jeremy and stated that this has begun to wear on me, as he expects me, without asking, to pick him up twice each week, and then drop him back off at home, while he doesn't offer me any compensation. He accused me of shaming him for being poor and called me a toxic person. I told him that I understand that his family is poor and that I would never cast judgement on him for that, but I feel like he is taking advantage.  Here is where I feel that he is being a hypocrite: Jeremy has just recently gotten his first real job at 24. While he could have worked for the past few years to save up for a car, he has sat around playing video games every day, all day. I too play games on a regular basis, though he has only gotten a job on his family's insistence. He instead accuses his parents of not getting him a car. I will say that his family is borderline abusive and mistreats him frequently. He says, however, that his family has made repeated promises to buy him a car, but then they take the offer back. Even so, he needs to take responsibility.  At the end of our conversation, Jeremy said that I only brought up the issue of driving to stir up drama that he "doesn't appreciate." This hurt. He just said I need to get over myself. He has made comments like this in the past, and called me rude, mean, and fake, though I tried to shrug them off. He has apologized each time, however, and he tries to make it up to me.  For the next hangout, I picked him up anyway, and he still expected me to pick him up. This expectation felt unfair and he didn't even offer me money until I asked him if I could have $5. He obliged without complaint, but I feel like I'm letting myself be a doormat.  I don't have a large group of friends, so I don't want to end a friendship that I have always cared so much about. I feel as though my sticking around would only send the message to him that this sort of behavior is acceptable, when it isn't. AITA for ending my friendship with him, after he claims my needs aren't important?
e8628n	My friend passed away 11-22-19.  I have DPOA because of health issues he had and made arrangements with another friend of his for his disposition and service.  I took full financial responsibility to guarantee his wishes were met.   His ex-girlfriend left him 3 months ago and read about his passing in the paper. No one wanted to call her since no one liked her. We all felt she was using him for his money, but I digress. She called me after she found out and was telling me how much she regretted leaving him, how much she loved him, how she planned on returning to him, etc. i was compassionate at first but felt something was off.   With his personal effects was his cell phone which I assumed was his property. Reading through the texts I discovered he had repeatedly asked for the keys to his home back and he wanted nothing to do with her anymore due to her cheating on him. I was appalled!  Later I learned the phone actually was owned by her and she pays the bill. After reading the texts I felt she lied to me about their relationship and that her grief was all for sympathy.  She mow constantly calls me, other friends, and his brother and is demanding we tell her what’s going on with his cremation, his property, and his money. She’s sent me texts asking why I haven’t responded to her messages. Truth be told, I’m tired of her.  The phone will be returned as soon as she confirms a time which she has yet to do   Since she left him I feel she has no right to know what the plans are for him. She gave up that right when she walked out the door into the arms of another man.  Thoughts?
e860jc	So I got banned from a Walmart over bottle returns. Here’s the whole story....   I’m not much of a drinker, but I do enjoy my beer sometimes. I live a long ways from town though so I only return bottles a couple times a year. I show up to this Walmart with four shopping carts full of bottles, looking like a raging alcoholic. To my dismay (but not great surprise) all of their bottle machines are out of order. There’s not really any other convenient place nearby to return them, and I wasn’t about to drive 60 miles to not return bottles. So I take my carts and go to the customer service desk. I patiently wait my turn and then explain to the gentleman that I need a hand count on my bottles. He told me that they didn’t have time to do that. So I told him I would wait and do some shopping. That wasn’t going to work either. Apparently manual bottle counts fall too low on the totem pole of Walmart priorities. At this point I’m getting a little frustrated and asked to speak to the manager. While I wait, I look up the state law on bottle returns and the obligations of stores. The manager shows up and also tells me no one has any time to count my bottles and I have to leave so they can help other customers. By this point, I’ve researched the law and found that they are obligated to process my refund on demand. So I said no. Manager threatens to call the cops if I won’t leave, I say go right ahead and call. A few moments later, my friend Travis (a deputy) shows up and the manager explains that I’m not leaving after being asked to do so. I show Travis the law I looked up on my phone and tell him I’m happy to leave just as soon as Walmart performs it’s legally obligated duty. He reads it for a minute, and tells the manager he needs to give me my refund. Now the manager starts arguing with Travis, so Travis calls the sheriff and the manager calls the manager of the whole store and I swear on God’s holy testicles the store manager starts arguing with the SHERIFF over four carts of bottles that could have been processed by now if they had just done their jobs in the first place. After a brief spat, my bottles get counted and refunded, I leave the store, and I got a piece of certified mail stating that I am no longer welcome in that particular Walmart.
e85vgt	Bit of the backstory: there are these two dudes, both of whom I used to fool around with (separately). Dude #1, he and I have been on friendly terms and follow each other on Instagram. Dude #2 just sort of fell out of touch with me. About 6 months ago I see (via dude #1's IG posts) that the two are dating and had been for weeks prior to the posts.  A few weeks later, dude #2 hits me up on grindr, telling me he misses hanging out with me and so on. I am confused: it appears (from dude #1's posts) that the two are still together. Maybe they have an open relationship and it's none of my business. But I don't respond anyhow. A few weeks later, he hits me up again. I don't respond.  Well, cut to yesterday, and dude #2 hits me up again, asking if I'd like to hook up. I respond this time but sidetrack the conversation. "How have you been?" and so on. After some back and forth, he tells me he's seeing someone. So I ask whether they're in an open relationship and he tells me no, but that he is bored sexually with dude #1 but doesn't want to leave because dude #1 treats him so well.  Like I said, dude #1 and I are friendly (without being friends, per se). Still, I feel bad for him Part of me says to send him the screens and the other part tells me to mind my own. Would I be the asshole for keeping my mouth shut?
e85uef	a month ago I bought me and my great grandpa tickets to the holiday train of lights in niles canyon. My 2 aunts bought themselves tickets for the same day to be with us (We like to spend time alone with each other). Me and my great grandpa went into an open car so we could have a better view of the decorated train when it turned. We even told my aunts about the view so they could have a better experience but they declined to go into a warm car. Me and my grandpa enjoyed our experience and afterwards we were greeted by my 2 angry aunts. They were mad because we didn't sit with them. We explained that we wanted a view but they were still mad. Now everyone agrees with my aunts but I don't think we did anything wrong. So AITA?
e85tlk	I (27F) have been dealing with my parents divorce for a few years now. They divorced shortly after I got married (3 or so years ago) and my mother is extremely co-dependent and struggling to work through it. I have been helping her move her stuff, decorate her place, cook, basically everything except having her actually move in with me.   My mother (47F) is mentally, and physically ill. She had a variety of auto-immune diseases and severe PTSD and Bipolar disorder. She is convinced my dad left her because she is sick, and is now convinced that she’s “losing” myself and my brother because she is sick. She often plays the victim in any situation, always feeling bad or sorry for herself and her situation. I have never denied that she has these issues or illnesses, but she also does not take care of herself, or do anything to help make her life even a little bit more enjoyable.  She has been so upset this week about myself and my brother “not talking to her” and telling us she’s a bad mother etc etc that she worked herself into a psychotic episode and was in the ER with her sister this morning. I am refusing to cater to her, so I did not go visit her while she was there. I did message her when she got home to make sure she was okay, and she called me and tried giving me the run around again about how we don’t care about her because she’s sick and everyone expects so much of her and we didn’t call her on her birthday (which is not true). I have tried to invite her over or for dinner at least 5-6 times since October, and she always comes up with an excuse on why she can’t come (usually because she’s sick) but continues to be inconsolable over the fact that we ‘don’t talk to her’. My aunt overheard our conversation and called me separately and let me know that everything I said to her was reasonable and made sense, and that she simply was not willing to hear it.  I have never denied her illnesses or issues, and I’ve always told her that I understand and do not resent her for cancelling plans or not being able to do things with me, but she refuses to hear or understand that. She’s been cherry picking information, and claiming things that simply aren’t true and when confronted she freaks out. She is seeing a therapist but I feel she either isn’t telling her therapist the truth, or just not actually talking about what’s upsetting her while there.  She thinks we are choosing other people/things over her, for example seeing our dads side of the family over her, which also isn’t the case. My brother and I are adults, we live on our own, we have our own whole ass lives.  On one hand, I feel guilty about thinking about cutting her off completely (which my brother pretty much has), but on the other I cannot be her caretaker, and I cannot continue to feed into this if I want to continue living my own life. I am just at a loss of what to do.
e85rfa	Currently, I work in a specific and hard to get into industry and I'm very glad; I've gained a lot of experience and it was an amazing experience. My current internship was supposed to end mid December but it was extended until early march. I agreed to it not knowing I would get any other internship for spring semester. Luckily, I was offered 2 internship interviews, one with a lobbying group and one with the state. If I were to accept, the internship for these 2 would be January-June and I could really use the money. I pay for my own internet bill, gas, school, phone, etc.  So, if I were to get one of the new internships, WIBTA to leave my current internship when I agreed I'd stay for another 2 1/2 months if I get another internship?
e85r68	So this may be a little bit redundant but ill post anyway.   My freinds were talking about the death of juice wrld on discord. This was the first time id ever heard his name. I dont follow any rappers or listen to their music at all. I got into an argument with them about how theres no reason i shouldve known who he was as i dont listen to rap, and they said its just "common knowlege". Am i the ass for not knowing who this celeb was?
e85qw2	The title is as dumb as it sounds. My(16M) girlfriend (16F) is currently mad at me because I sent another girl a “funny face” of me puffing up my cheek on snapchat. My girlfriend started twisting it up saying I’m getting close with other girls and that pictures I send her are no longer special. She constantly is putting blame on me for such stupid things and it makes me feel terrible. I want to know if I’m the only one who thinks this is so stupid. AITA?
e85qgl	So I (21F) recently adopted a cat (8mo) and it’s been causing some stress in my household. My roommates (21F, 22F) agreed to me getting a cat and one of my roommates even encouraged it because she also has a cat (2yo) and thought her cat was lonely. Everyone loves my cat because he is the cutest thing in the world and so much fun, we all love kittens! However, he does occasionally knock things over and has broken three small candle holders. He also sometimes tries to get in the christmas tree and occasionally jumps on the counter. We also had a minor issue of him accidentally scratching our leather couches when  he jumped off in which case I purchased caps for his nails and then (at the request of my roommate) also purchased couch covers to not further damage her couches. The main issue now is that he sometimes jumps on the counter or gets into things we wish he wouldn’t which has prompted my roommates to believe I should keep him in my room while I’m away from the house or when I’m in my room as well. Some days I work 8 hour shifts after sleeping for (hopefully) 8 hours so I really don’t like having to keep him locked up except for the couple hours of the day where I am home and my “weekends” when I am home more of the day. I don’t find it to be extremely comfortable for me to have him locked up this often when he is a kitten and I didn’t adopt him thinking this would be his life for now. I don’t know what to do because the minor issues I see are major issues to my roommates and I feel bad for my kitty.   P.S. his food, water, and litter box are in my room so that’s not an issue  EDIT: I also have to keep him in my room when I sleep so when I do work 8 hours a day it turns into 16 hours or more of him locked in my room at a time (this is 5 days of the week that he spends most of the day locked in my room). Also my roommates cat is allowed to roam as she pleases at all times of the day. I spend every waking moment I have at home with my cat it is not an issue of am I caring enough for him, the issue is I have a job in order to afford rent and when I can’t be home I thought he was going to be able to play with the other kitty and my roommates and now my roommates are making that impossible.
e85khz	I’m a senior in high school with divorced parents and about a year ago I moved out of my moms house to live with my dad full time after a bad incident. My mom was (to me at least) manipulative, controlling, and always made me feel like a horrible person. When I lived with her I had severe depression and anxiety, and struggled socially and academically. After a year away, my life is better than I’d ever imagined it could be. Overall, she was horrible to me and my dad now has full custody of me. The only contact I have with her is what is absolutely necessary, and I want her to have NOTHING to do with my life or know about my life.  My older sister, on the other hand, is my mom’s little devoted mini me. She could not lift a finger to help out in the house, and I would get in trouble for her leaving her dishes in the sink. She always tells my mom everything going on in my brother and I’s lives without permission. We used to be so close but now I don’t want to tell her anything in case she tells my mom.  I just want to move on with my life and grow into adulthood knowing that my mom isn’t able to keep tabs on me. I get some satisfaction knowing that I’m happy now without her and that her actions have the consequence of not being able to see her daughter reach the first milestones of adulthood. It’s really important to me that, especially as I go into college I have privacy from her.   Here’s the predicament:   My brother, sister, dad, and stepmom follow me on Instagram, Snapchat, Facebook, etc. All my social media’s under my name. As I’m getting older and going off to college in the next year, I’m considering removing my sister from my social media because it’s basically like having my mom on it. I’ve been interested in potentially getting into dating in the future, and have new friends that I spend time with a lot and post about, and other general growing up stuff that I feel my mom has lost the right to know about.   I want to block my sister since  1. She most likely reports back to my mom about anything that she sees I post 2. She barely ever interacts with my social medias, so she may not even notice 3. She and I aren’t very close anymore, and she doesn’t seem to give a crap about anything I accomplish in my life (like getting into my top college) 4. She tells my mom everything about me that she finds out (even off of social media)  My brother and parents (I consider just my dad and stepmom my parents) would still have access to my social media and be able to see anything I post, although my parents don’t use Instagram or Snapchat much at all. So if she notices, I wouldn’t be able to say I just wanted privacy from family. I absolutely cannot ask her to just not tell our mom anything, as she would even tell my mom I told her not to.  So, WIBTA if I removed my sister from my social media?
e85kfw	 Buckle up, this is a long one. This weekend, I was on a trip to Paris, and a mate of mine was going to try and get further with this girl, let's call her Susan. Let's call my mate David.  After the first night, we all go down for breakfast, I decide to sit down next to Susan's friend group, we are having a good time when we start to talk about the journey there, it was 17 hours.   Susan starts to talk about how boring the journey was and how boring David was sitting next to her. (He sat next to her the way there).   She then asks if I would like to sit next to her, for a 20 minute bus journey. In my head, I didnt want to, because I knew about David wanting to pursue, but I'm an introvert and got peer pressured.  That night I realised he might be annoyed, so I send him a bloody essay on a text to tell him I'm sorry, for something that wasnt even my fault in the first place. The next morning he blanks the text.  The next day we are walking around paris, I finally build up the courage to talk to him and say I'm sorry. I walk up to him and say, "alright david". He walks away.  Later that night, we are playing football together as a whole school kinda thing. I am a small little guy and hes pretty well built. He is playing defense and am playing striker, you can see where this is going.   He shoulder barges me onto the concrete floor and I hit my head, but my hands and elbows. He then carrys on playing and doesnt say sorry. I immediately walk over to susan and we go to get me cleaned up, which I find funny because that's what he doesnt want me to do! (Susan doesnt like David, and knows hes going to ask her on a date, she has known for a year)  My hoodie is ruined.  AITA for being asked to sit by my friends crush, and then immediately trying to apologise many times after?
e85hpm	So my Dad was asking me if I knew a girl who worked at a local restaurant, bc she claimed she knew me. I told him yes and that she is a nice girl and I told him just about everything I knew about her and that she was a nice girl. I basically just said she was nice and I didn’t talk to her that much.  Well my Dad left his computer monitor open, streaming to our tv (because he was mirroring a movie to it earlier) and I saw he had tried searching her on Facebook.   I told him about it and said that it made me feel weird that he needed to search for her, since he only knows her from the restaurant and that she is a random young girl my age.  I get that people creep on Facebook but this just felt really strange to me bc I can’t think of a reason why he’d need to do this?  edit: the main reason I feel weird about this is because I told him just about everything I knew about her and he barley knows the girl. It’s not like they’re gonna be friends bc that would be weird.  It’s just strange bc my Dad is 53 years old looking up a 23 year old girl I went to highschool with and it comes off bizarre that he wants to know more about her.  AITA?
e85gj4	I am a 13m, I am a closeted gay. I was at my aunt's house, she has three kids, daughters ages 5 and 6. Her son is about 8. I am very sorry for my grammar, I'm only 13. I was playing with the daughters. They had a easy washable make up set.  I was very tempted to put it on, just a little. I put a little on my eye lids and put this glittery chapstick. I am not very interested into makeup, I just wanted to try it. I was really feeling myself out. The girls gave me a weird look.   I ignored it, and I wanted to check it out in the bathroom. It felt right, I liked it. I was smiling like a weirdo in the mirror. Like five minutes of in the bathroom, I got out. I was going to show my brother and my cousin, aunts son, and ran into my aunt. She gave me a disappointing look. ‘Really, Andrew? Makeup is only for girls.’ I was off taken. How can a loving aunt be a little sexist. (She probably isn’t.)   I went to the bathroom, then headed back out to show my bother and cousin. My brother said it looked good. My cousin called me a girl and said go wash it off. I went to the bathroom, on my way I ran into my aunt. she sighed at me. ’go wash it off’ she said a little. More aggressive. I washed it off and felt ashamed.   At dinner, her son told my aunt. She gave me a look and said, ’you really showed my kids’. I almost felt like crying. I was a little sad. My aunt’s family is a basic family. Father works, mother watches kids, daughters taught to be girly, son taught to be manly. It sickens me. I am girly, when I grow up I want to be the wife. Am I just being a little shit, or is my aunt wrong?
e85fxj	So I was at work, things were kind of quiet so I figured I would spark up a little conversation with my coworker who is seated across from me. I asked her if she had any new years resolutions, as I got some interesting replies from other people. Then she got quite mad and asked me if it was because she was “fat” (her words). This made me quite nervous and I didn’t really know what to say so I just told her I didn’t mean it that way and apologized, she remained quite short with me the rest of the day. We are good now, we haven’t really talked about it but we are friendly with each other again (as we always were). So reddit, AITA? And should I apologize or talk to her about it sometime to make sure there is no bad feelings?
e85ery	I loved my dad, we were really close all my life. He passed unexpectedly 2 years ago from heart failure.   Since then I haven’t had any desire to go and visit his burial site. I loved him more than anything but going there just reminds me of the worst time of my life.  My mother and other family members/close family friends are always going past and putting down fresh flowers etc. but I can’t bring myself to go. It all seems kind of pointless to me, the flowers people leave there die and just need to be replaced, he’s not there to see or appreciate people coming to visit or the things they leave behind for him.  I know it’s a “respect” thing but I don’t really get it.  My family get really upset with me when they find out I haven’t visited in a while. It’s all too much for me.   Also, cemeteries are creepy as hell.
e85da5	      One of my good friends has been dating this guy for a couple of weeks(I’d say about 2). In this 2 weeks I have seen her be sad almost every single day due to her boyfriend ignoring her.         Tonight she posted on her Snapchat story that she was being ignored again. I told her that she should break up with him if he keeps ignoring her. She disagreed with me because he deserves another chance and he’s working on his “problems”.  I told her that this dude was/is one of the guys who constantly plays girls and she should just dump him. She told me in the last year he’s changed, which I reminded her that in the last 3 months he asked our mutual friend for nudes. I also told her that he doesn’t seem as interested in the relationship as she is, and she said that him ignoring her/not being interested is her problem. I told her she should break up with him for a couple months so she can see if he’s really changed or not and he could have time to work out his problems without having to worry about a girlfriend.  She said she liked him too much to do that. I am wondering if IATA, because a few friends have told me I am for telling her to break up, but some have said I wasn’t wrong to tell her.   So Reddit, AITA?
e858vz	I'm going to try to make this short. My friend, Mandy, and her boyfriend George have been happy together for 9 months now.   I liked both of them and I thought they were a cute couple and they were very fun to hang around with.   About three days ago George and I were talking about kids and how he wanted a lot in the future. He was talking about how he wanted his son to be an all time football star, which I thought was really cute.  I asked jokingly, "What if he doesn't like football?" He laughed and said, "He can play another sport, maybe?" I nodded and asked, "What if he's not into sports?" Then replied, "Then he's probably gay?" And we shared a laugh.  After we stopped laughing, his voice turned serious and said, "It would be a shame if he turned out to be gay." And that made me a little upset. I asked him if he hated gays and he didn't say hate, just disagreed with their "choice".  Here's the kicker: Mandy is bisexual, and I don't think George knows this, so I didn't want to out her. However, when I did meet up with Mandy, I told her about the conversation George and I had.  Now she's considering breaking up with him...  I feel bad, AITA for telling Mandy this? I feel like I ruined a perfect relationship-
e857qv	My husband and I are expecting our first child and are just starting to put together the registry. Along with the traditional baby stuff like a stroller, car seat, and pacifiers we’ve added a few things to the registry that are not super traditional like a blender to make baby food with, an in line water filter that catches lead (we have a lead main in - our house is from the 1900’s - yes, it has been tested and yes I am only drinking filtered water we bring in right now - the water filter is a few hundred bucks and it would be amazing if someone would help us with that), and a strider bike which is a nod to my husbands favorite hobby of cycling even those are more for older kids and won’t be used for a few years by our baby. There are a few other things that are more like household items on it as well or are baby/kid versions of things associated with our hobbies.   A relative saw the list and pointed out that it was rude to ask for these things on a baby registry and that no one would be buying any of them because they were more “family gifts” or gifts for the house or the parents and the baby registry is no place to ask for something like that.   AITA? Should I edit the registry and take these things off?
e85567	I spent a few years with this woman. She was not my first love, but I thought she was the love of my life. I was making payments on an engagement ring. Then I broke up with her. Because of behaviors that, as the rose-colored glasses came off, made me feel I couldn't rely on her the way I needed to be able to. But we didn't cut off, and kept hooking up, and in hindsight I know that was stupid. We were young and stupid and still crazy about each other, and I stupidly thought maybe she'd get things together and we could try to make it work.  Things came to a head after my friend's wedding, which I was asked not to take her to. She got mad at me for not taking her. This is after our break-up. She got more angry when I told her my friend and his partner had asked me to come alone. To make matters worse, I'd met someone else at the wedding. I didn't tell her this, but did start spending time with that person I would have been spending with her. Though things would not work out with that person either, no one could know this at the time. The result was a fight, resentment, and a lot of blame. I walk away from her, and we stop communicating.  Years later. I don't live in the state anymore. But I see on the news the city has been hit by severe weather, and her home is underwater. I reach out to see if she's still alive. Tell her I don't care if she hates me or curses me out, I just wanted to make sure she was alive and safe, even if we never talk again after. What can I say? You spend years with someone, and find out they could be dead...   She responds. She's alive. She's lost her house. We start talking again, but we're not considering seeing each other. We're not trying to restart things. Neither of us is visiting, we're not even talking on the phone. I send the occasional email at holidays, wishing her well and encouraging her in her life based on what she's previously shared. This year I don't send an e-mail, it slips my mind because I'm going through hard times myself. She's assumed I'm walking out of her life again, and she doesn't know or understand why. She's hurt and says I'm an ass for cutting her off for no reason, without giving her an explanation. Especially, she points out, when I know other people she relied on for support didn't even check on her safety after the flooding.  If I was, it would be because she's that friend who only responds when you reach out to them and never initiates contact.  I'm at a point in my life where I need friends who will reach out to me, because I'm usually too wrapped up in other stuff. I wasn't intentionally walking out of her life again, but her reaction has me considering cutting contact. I've got too much going on - some of it traumatic - and it's not easy to deal with, and her reaction to her pain, calling me an ass instead of just talking to me calmly, makes me not want to deal with her. I find myself thinking "I can't deal with this right now."
e853zp	I know someone who is having an affair with someone who is married (they also have a child together.) This person posts about it constantly on social media, unbeknownst to the person cheating on their spouse They don't particularly care, because they don't have anything to lose. The other person could potentially lose everything if they were outed: family, career (the affair started as a result of career connections), reputation. I've been saving/screen-shotting evidence for a while to send if I ever decided to.  I've been grappling with telling the spouse...or just letting the guilty party continue to be a scumbag because I don't want them to lose their child. I don't have anything against my acquaintance- it's their choice to do this - but I'd think they were aware of potential consequences.  Thoughts, reddit?
e84zht	I have a friend. We will call her Marcy. I work with her. I like her, we hang out about once a week or every few weeks. We text occasionally, I get along with most everyone I work with but I’d say I’m closest with her since we have hung out outside of work. She told me a secret a few weeks ago. She said she hung out with another coworker, Connor, and some things happened... the problem is, he’s dating another person we work with. We can call her Jen. I really like Jen too, we just aren’t close outside of work. Connor and Jen haven’t been “official”, but i see them together almost always and she just recently moved in with him after her roommate passed away. I’ll get to the point, Marcy said Jen wouldn’t care that anything happened because it was only one time, it didn’t mean anything, and she wasn’t even actually in a relationship with Connor. Marcy also asked me not to repeat this to anyone. I said if everyone was on the same page then everything should be fine... however Jen expressed to me at work today that she has had suspicions about Marcy and Connor and asked me directly if I have heard of anything happening, and I told her the truth. I told her Marcy said that it was only once, didn’t mean anything, and that she didn’t think she would care. Jen was really hurt but was glad I let her know. I’m feeling guilty because Marcy is my friend and she asked me not to tell anyone, but on the other hand I didn’t want to lie. Marcy has also been dealing with some depression so I feel bad and like I’ve created drama that had nothing to do with me. I feel like none of this is my business so I don’t want to insert myself, but I also feel like Jen deserved to know the truth. AITA?
e84xcf	throwaway account because she knows my other one.   the other day I picked up my friend and we were together for about an hour when she told me that she had done a couple tabs of acid before i picked her up. I don’t care about her doing drugs or anything because we get high together all the time, but it was a little annoying that she didn’t tell me before hand that she wasn’t sober. it made me feel like instead of us just hanging out, I was more of a trip sitter for her. I also then didn’t feel like going out very much anymore because I personally don’t care for being in public with people who are off it or when I am because I get anxious that everyone can tell and it makes me way more nervous around cops.   after I dropped her off I texted her and told her why didn’t she just tell me she was tripping instead of waiting until after we were together and she told me it wasn’t that big of a deal. she then tried to make it out like I was mad she didn’t offer me any or ask if I wanted to also which is not true at all because I wouldn’t have anyways. I just think I should be aware that someone isn’t sober before hand, especially if it were a harder drug and something had happened and I wouldn’t have known.
e84v0x	First post and I have an interesting story that happened today.   I’m on mobile so please bare with me..  So I have this friend named B; B was a friend of mine that I thought I had a connection with. He and I had known each other for years and I thought of him as a friend that I would go to him for help but recently for the past few months, he has been asking all of his friends including me for money, Xbox live gold and free in-game purchases.   So today I was streaming on twitch with a few viewers and I got a message from B. I could already tell what he was gonna say but still messaged him back. Of course he asks for money(around $25 USD) AND a fortnite skin that he wanted. I was already kinda pissed and tired and really didn’t want to deal with him. I told him if he wanted money he was gonna get a job and EARN money for hard labor. From then on he goes on to tell me that he has no car or license(he does) his parents doesn’t want to get a job( another lie) doesn’t get allowance (he does) and goes off complaining ya da ya do doo. I was mad. I told him to either get a job like the rest of us(side note: we’re seniors in high school) and make an effort to make money rather than beg for it. For the next 10 minutes I’m told that I’m an asshole for not giving him what he wanted and I should screw myself. Even stating that he thought we were friends and friends help each other. He then blocks me from Xbox and Snapchat.   Later on, our friend M comes to me and starts telling me that B was talking shit about me and was asking for money to which he was denied. He had also blocked M and when we heard our same situation we go off and show TONS of screenshots of messages about how he should get a job and stop begging. We ripped into B calling him self centered, asshole, not responsible etc.   If anything else happens I’m sure to let everyone know.  So... AITA??
e84u2o	I'm currently in the midst of writing a take-home exam that is due tomorrow. For the exam, we aren't allowed to use outside sources -- just the notes we took in the lecture.  Earlier in the semester, the Prof asked if anyone would volunteer to share one week of notes with one student who was ill. I volunteered and was happy to share my notes with them.  Now it's one day before the exam and I've received about ten emails. Apparently the professor has been telling other students to email me if they need notes. My professor never asked me about this beforehand. Usually, I am happy to send people notes if they miss a class but it's frustrating to receive so many emails the day before the exam is due.  I've worked really hard in this course and I feel salty about sending my notes to people who didn't ask for them until the day before the exam.  WIBTA if I didn't send these ten students my notes?  Edit: I am not the official notetaker for the course.
e84u0e	Back in my freshman year, I had a class with this chick and she seemed nice at first but after some time we just stopped. We weren’t close at all we were merely acquaintances.  Whilst I didn’t hold anything against her, I did feel that she was a bit annoying at times as all she really did was complain. Once again, didn’t hold it against her at the time but it was something I noticed. This year she got a handful of classes with my boyfriend and whilst I don’t mind him being friends with other females I began to feel as if she was almost trying to grab his attention.  If we were together she would just stare at me and turn away whenever my boyfriend would notice, she would constantly complain and vent to him, she constantly lied to me about things that really do not need to be lied about, she made sure to block me on every form of social media, she constantly begged for his hoodies or shirts and if he happen to give them to her (which was rare) she would almost become cuddly with him, she would always make a pity party out of anything such as “you think your walk to school is long? Mine is two hours.” When she literally lives down my street and I get there in thirty minutes, she always seems to try to outshine me one way or another and if I happened to do “better” she would become quiet and the most annoying part was that she can hold a normal conversation with everyone else but the minute we engage in a “conversation” it’s short and usually revolves around her venting. I recently wore my boyfriends hoodie to class since I forgot mine at home and all’s he did was stare at me. If I turned around to look at her she would immediately look down. I feel very uncomfortable with her to say the least but she and my boyfriend have seem to become close friends recently and there’s not much I can do for it.  AITA for not wanting him to be friends with her anymore? Should I talk to him about it?
e84svf	Me and my 2 other friends lease a 2B/2B apartment. We are students and posted on FB looking for 2 other housemates this year with 3 major conditions :  **1** - okay with noise at night/sleeps late(past 2am)  We are all night owls, and early sleepers do not sync well with us at all(from experience). We tend to eat and joke around a lot at night so there is noise. We often have friends stay over the weekend in the master bedroom as sleepovers/kickbacks as well.(every other weekend)  2 - does dishes every night   (To prevent bugs because the apartment is old, also because the sink is small so its hard to do dishes with dirty dishes already in it)  3 - clean and cleans  Hygiene and overall, weekly house cleaning   We found 2 people and they both agreed that they were okay with noise at night and would keep clean. The offers were the wide living room area(we had no furniture so they have a big open space for a bed etc) and the other side of my bedroom.   Master Bedroom -  my 2 friends  Smaller Bedroom - Me and S  Living room/large storage room - D  My friends and I recently hosted a Secret Santa sleepover this Saturday(3 of us + 4 others). We came back at 1am after eating and started the gift opening in the master bedroom with the door closed. We turned off the music so the only noise was laughter and talking as any other kickback. We had some drinks and played phone drinking games like Picollo. Around 2:00am, D knocks on our door and tells us to all go to sleep by 3:00am. We said we would try to keep it down if he really needed. We used our inside voices, and kept the door closed the whole time.  We prematurely ended previous kickbacks when he told us to stay quiet, but ordering us to go to sleep this time sparked annoyance as he acted as he owned the apartment. Some of us had to shower, so both bathrooms were taken. Soon after, he opened the master bedroom door(this time wo knocking), and told us to stop using the shared bathroom because he cannot sleep.   Who gets the upper hand in this situation? D agreed with the conditions of us being night owls, but he gets aggravated every time we are noisy at night knowing it is what he signed up for. D has changed the atmosphere and meetups with my group of friends at the apartment ever since he moved in with his demands.  More info : My roommate S sleeps in our bedroom adjacent to the master bedroom and is perfectly fine with the "noise" we make. D's room is not adjacent to the master, and he complained to us when he was sitting in the living room at his desk.  Background : D was scammed and had to find a place to stay for the school year when he moved in. He messaged me desperately, saying he was okay with the conditions so we took him in as we felt bad for his situation. I believe his desperation for housing blinded him from seeing the conditions.  TLDR : Subleaser signed up for apartment filled with late-night owls/partiers, gets annoyed by the noise
e84r97	**Back story:**  My mother passed away in Sept, she had no life insurance and my family is broke. She was in her 50s and in decent health so her sudden heart attack was unexpected. She lived with my uncle and they both were on disability (though my mother worked part time).  One of her co-workers placed a GoFundMe up, her job let us do a memorial service there, and we did the most basic cremation through the funeral home (the funeral home discounted it for us as well as got $400 donation from the Salvation Army which lowered the cost to something like 800 dollars).  We raised money on GoFundMe (with the info that anything beyond the cremation would go to help my uncle).  For the memorial service we had several people offer help. My aunt's friend brought several things as well as a decorative box for us to place my mother's ashes in. (This will become important later).  **Why may I be an Asshole?**  So my aunt and her friend got into a horrible fight. I don't know the details.  This friend messaged my mom's friend demanding back her donation from GoFundMe for "fraud".  I start getting messages about how awful my aunt is, and how the box mom's ashes are in was "a loan" because we didn't need it long term (we plan on spreading her remains at some point). I was told at the memorial service to keep the box, but whatev.  I remain cordial in responses to this woman. My aunt made a post online and I left a comment that my mom wouldn't want to be in it with the fighting (my mom was very spirited).  My aunt gives the box back to her ex-friend and at this point I think, it's the end of the drama and I never expect to hear from this woman again.  WRONG!  A few days later this woman messages me out of what I assume is spite over the comment I left on my aunt's FB.  She said that I was probably right about my mom haunting the box but she had sold it. That the "box smelled like death". She said the box had some of my mother's ashes remaining in it and "she didn't know what to do with it so she dumped them on a pile of her dog's shit and called it a day, lol". Yes, this woman wrote LOL after telling me that.  I took a screenshot and I posted it in a local group. She flipped out. She started taking pictures off my FB, she started threatening strangers on this group for thinking she was a bad person. She threatened to sue me for slander. Threatened to set up a dating profile for me. She even put my mother's photo on her FB page.  She demanded that I take the post down or she wouldn't remove my photos. She claimed I "posted her son" on the message (because her profile pic had him in it).  I threatened her to remove my photos or I would file a peace order against her. She started having her friends send me pms telling me she'll take it down only if I remove the posts about her messages.  She finally removed the photos. I have not removed the post.  *So my question is, am I an asshole for not removing the post?*
e84q2x	My best friend for four years has decided he's going to Rome with someone he barely knows instead of spending my birthday with me. I decided to end the friendship.  Before you judge me, I'd like to let it be known that no, I'm not mad he's going to Rome and I know I'd jump at the chance to do the same, even if it meant missing my own significant others birthday. What peeved me about this is that he's done this with everything.  When I was in the school play he skipped it to play fortnite. When I wanted to show him my hoco/prom dresses he ignored me to go hang out with other people. When he comes over to my house he's on the phone with others. When I'm at his house he's on the phone with others. He's only nice to me when he wants something. He asks me to come over because then his mom will take us to get junk food for us.  I've been crying for the past three days over this. Everyone in my life is upset that I'm leaving him over this. They all think because he's going to Rome it shouldn't matter. But it's my birthday! Is it so bad I want my best friend there? I'm slowly starting to believe I am an asshole. I need an unbiased opinion on this.
e84p4r	I made plans with my friend to come visit her in a couple weeks. I told her the specific days I'd be there, we talked a little about what we could do when I was in town.  We discussed this a couple weeks before Thanksgiving, which is about when I bought the tickets. I failed to mention this to her.  Today she tells me that she made plans to be in a completely different state during those dates and is telling me it's my fault for not telling her I bought tickets.   I think that I made it clear I was coming regardless of when I bought tickets. I asked her if she forgot and she was very offended, even though that seems like the logical conclusion.  AITA?
e84nxg	I’ll accept judgement here either way here ...  My husband and I bought a house and have renovated it for last six months.  In home buying process my husband felt strongly about the house we purchased forgoing my first pick of a house with a separate mother in law unit.  We are now finalizing furniture and decor for our current house.  The house is small- 2000 sq ft so every space is important.  There is a downstairs room in the house that we planned on using as a guest bedroom.  My husband is planning on his parents coming to stay with us for 2 months this year... they live overseas... and would like to purchase a queen size bed.  The problem is with a queen size bed, the room with pretty much be unusable for any other purposes- an office, a work out room, etc.  I am adamant about putting a full or twin mattress so we can use the room for other purposes- and if we were needing a room for his parents in the house, it should have been something addressed when buying the home.  My husband feels that his parents needs and comforts are paramount, and that anything besides a Queen would be uncomfortable.    AITA for refusing to buy a queen bed and make the room a guest room only?
e84mfp	I [24F] met my bf’s [26M] parents for the first time earlier this weekend. We have been together for almost 4 years and are very serious about spending the rest of our lives together. His family is also aware that he is serious about our relationship. However, his mother is very religious (Christian) and my bf is religious too. Our religious beliefs obviously don’t align but we are able to handle our disagreements and understand each other’s viewpoints. He doesn’t care that I am atheist, but he knew that if his mom found out that I am not Christian then it would cause problems with her. He’s very close with this family so he would be bothered if they didn’t like me or thought I wasn’t a good fit. So before I met his parents, he told me to just not bring up religion, or if they were to ask, just tell them that I am Christian. I agreed because I figured it would cause less drama.   At the dinner, everything was mostly fine, but a bit awkward because I am pretty shy. However, when my bfs mom asked about which church I go to because she assumed I was Christian, I felt the need to tell the truth and it felt wrong to lie about it, so I just admitted to her that I was atheist. I figured that it was gonna come out sooner or later so I’d rather just tell the truth now rather than having them find out later. After this conversation, I felt that the mood of the dinner kind of changed a bit, but they were still polite and nice. After dinner, I went to the car and my bfs parents wanted to talk to him. When he got back to the car, I could tell he was really stressed out.   The next day, his mom called him to explain why marrying a non-Christian girl is a bad idea etc and he was arguing with her about why she was wrong. He was a bit upset afterwards because he warned me that this was gonna happen and now he has to deal with the drama and stuff. I kind of regret telling the truth, but I still feel that it was the right thing to do. It was difficult to lie on the spot because I’m a bad liar. AITA for telling the truth?
e84l08	My husband things ITA. Here’s why, but first a background:   My husband and I have been together for 6 years (married for 2).  Our families and Christmas traditions are quite different. Also, his family hasn’t always been the most welcoming. Regardless, I’ve  tried my best to get along with his family and adapt to their holiday traditions.   Here are some examples of how I’ve tried to do both. For the past 6 years I’ve been the one to set up the Christmas tree at his place and the one at his moms. I’m not complaining but that’s a ton of work. For the past six years I’ve put up, by myself, a ton of Christmas lights and ornaments on real Christmas trees. Every year I also help with the delivery and set up of the trees.  Stark difference from my family who has always had pre-lit fake trees.   During Christmas get togethers (and thanksgiving) I’m the one who washes all of the dishes by hand. Huge difference from my family who puts all of them in the dishwasher (my parent’s silverware is just as nice as theirs, and has held up just as well).  I’m the one who always wraps all of the Christmas presents we get for our families (my family isn’t big on Christmas gifts,  but his is). For Christmas we’ve never missed the Christmas mass service his family attends (so for the past six years I haven’t attended one with my family). The point I’m trying to make is this: I care about his family traditions and his happiness.   Flash forward to today. My husband calls me and tells me he’s stressed about recent expenses (we have a 3 month old baby, and we recently went on our first family vacation). He proceeds to tell me that he’s stressed because he hasn’t done any of the Christmas shopping for our families this year. I tell him to please not stress over that so much and to please reconsider how much he spends on gifts this year, because a) we don’t need to spend a ton on gifts to show family we care and b) our bigger focus should be on making this a special Christmas for our baby!!!Aka our little family.   He freaked out and told me IWBTA because I’m not being considerate of his family traditions. He said something like “your family might not be the kind to get each other gifts but mine is”. Inside I’m boiling because that’s not true (ever since he came into the picture he’s gotten lots of gifts from me and my family) and because he’s prioritizing shopping for his family (some of which never get us anything, most of them have been rude to me) over shopping for our son. Before we where married and during our first year of marriage I could care less that he shopped for presents without me or that he spent a ton on Christmas gifts. Mainly because I’ve always worked and prior to the baby I liked to splurge on certain things too. But now I feel like this does concern me because I’m currently taking time off work and we have a baby. In my mind the baby now comes first and we should be focusing on his presents and our first Christmas as a family.    So Reddit, AITA ?
e84hjf	My (33f) partner (32m) and I decided to get a dog a year ago. It became obvious that dogs aren’t his “thing” so I’ve assumed most of the responsibility(99%) of watching and training.   This dog has been absolutely crazy. There hasn’t really been a break to the insanity at all. I’ve raised a dog before and never experienced anything like it. It’s as if the “teen” phase of rebelliousness has been literally this dog’s entire personality. He’s also insanely smart. We’ve just recently been seeing him finally chill out in tiny degrees but he still requires constant vigilance and attention otherwise he gets into crap.   I work from home: two days on, two days off and three day weekends every two weeks. Those weekend shifts are brutal and I’ll work 12-13 hour days. This means, every two weeks I need my partners help for a few hours in the afternoon.   My partner has consistently been angry about this but trying to hide it. He’s a writer in his spare time and wants to just sit and write for hours during the afternoon and says that he can’t write at night. He works full time, during the week, so obviously weekends are valuable. I’ve basically end up constantly getting up from my desk to watch the dog because my partner tunes everything  else out while writing.  I’m starting to get very frustrated with it. I’ll miss important calls or be interrupted by a screaming dog. I’ll have to mute people and call for my partner. AITA for expecting this every two weeks? Are my expectations too much given that he only has weekends off?
e84ei5	Title sounds bad, but hear me out.  I'm really shy and have a hard time making new friends, but I'm working on pushing myself out of my comfort zone. My husband, on the other hand, is super confident, outgoing, and charismatic, and basically my complete opposite. He's one of those guys who has like 5,000 friends on Facebook and people naturally gravitate toward him. When we go out together, I always get completely overshadowed and people lose interest in talking to me once they meet him. It doesn't help that he works in a really unique/cool field (forensic science), so people are inevitably interested in his work and ask him a billion questions, while nobody really cares about my boring insurance company job.  Whenever I do end up clicking with someone I can see myself potentially becoming friends with, once my husband enters the conversation, they end up talking to him the rest of the time and shutting me out of the conversation. This has happened more times than I can count and it really upsets me. I love my husband and I love being with him when we're hanging out with people we already know/are friends with, but sometimes I just want to have the chance to meet other people without, well, seeming totally lame in comparison.   We want to a party this weekend, and before we went inside, I asked my husband he could please give me a little space so I could try to make some friends on my own. My husband was very hurt and said he doesn't understand why I don't want him around. He said he wants to socialize with me because we're married and he loves me, which made me feel like a huge jerk. AITA?
e845j4	My relationship just ended over this, and while I wouldn’t describe it as a constant dream until now we were good about arguing in a respectful way until this came up so I clearly hit a huge nerve.  My now ex had a rough upbringing and has struggled for a lot of his life financially. I grew up with every advantage but have supported myself since I was 19. Ultimately over 2 years we’d arrived at a place where he’s building a business using a unique talent he has, and I’m covering all major expenses, which put us in a spot where neither of us can splurge. Sincerely I valued him more than anything I could have bought with my extra income and was fine scaling back materially if it meant giving him the soft landing spot that would allow him to build a sustainable future.  He’s been spending a time with a guy in our building who sells weed, and he told me a week ago that they were “talking business” and that he could make money “making connections” for him. I told him I didn’t like  that idea and we weren’t in a financial position for him to need to do it. It’s just weed but it’s still illegal in our state and nobody’s going hungry, we make a legal 6 figures combined.  When I got home from a work trip this weekend I noticed $200 missing and he eventually admitted he “invested it.” I started crying and he went and got his cut or whatever back and started laying into me about how I was ignorant about his life because I’ve never suffered. He said I was condescending for always recommending he could work at a restaurant when he wants to make more money. I’ve bartended PT on and off while building my own career so I wasn’t recommending anything I wouldn’t do myself.  I said as long as it was temporary it was what it was but I didn’t want to build our future that way. I told him it was a difference in values, I still loved him but he values money in the bank and I value the extent to which someone worked to earn it and he wasn’t going to convince me to be proud he lined this up. He apologized at first but then talking himself through it got more and more angry about how he wants to buy clothes and shoes and I’m trying to make it impossible for him to get on his feet and be happy and went off on growing up eating shit, living in his car, people in his life being killed over money etc.   I asked him to stop bringing that up in this argument because we’re truly not anywhere near that position, and he started yelling that our relationship was a joke, I’m an ignorant bitch, and we aren’t for each other. It got more heated until I gave up, he dropped me at the airport and we didn’t say goodbye and now I’m blocked everywhere.  AITA, or more realistically, DESH? I don’t know if “I’d rather struggle with integrity” is a fair stance to take when I haven’t really struggled, I guess. I’m normally good at seeing both sides and compromising but I felt gross letting this one go.
e83zkz	It’s finals week here at university. Students have finally realized the library exists.  At my Uni, you can book study rooms at the library which are private spaces for group work. They’re super nice.  However, many people reserve them and then just never show up. Which is annoying because then there is just empty study spaces that other people “can’t use”.   But, the rule is that if you don’t show up within 15minutes of your reservation, you forfeit it.   So, my group of friends and I needed a room to study where we could talk and needed a white board to do problems.  Of course many of the rooms were already reserved for the times we could meet up.   So I go to the library and notice an empty study room, but it had been reserved from 6pm-11pm.  It was already 6:30 so i decided to take the room.  My friends and I get to studying and around 9:30, some dude comes into the room, and says “can you guys leave, I reserved this room”.   So, I said, “actually, since you weren’t here by 6:15, the reservation no longer stands. Sorry, but we are using this room now. We will be done in about 45mins though.”  The guy got visibly upset and argued saying his name is on the reservation list, so we have to leave. I told him to go and get one of the Office Assistants if he wanted to and that I refused to leave. He mumbled something that sounded like  “bitch” and slammed the door and walked away.    One of the people I was studying with basically called me an asshole and said we should had just given up the room. I think the situation just made her uncomfortable. She’s not confrontational.   BUT  1)the dude was over 3hrs late to his reservation  2)it’s a GROUP study space. It’s meant for groups to work on material together. And this guy was alone.  3)he was a jerk   AITA?
e83xmp	Two years ago my father lied on some tax forms, got audited, and had to pay some stuff to the IRS to make up for it. When I asked him for the copy of my parents tax forms the next year to file my FAFSA he gave me the original version. It caused a problem with my loans that made me disqualified for them and my credit dropped over 100 during the months I was trying to find out why this was happening. We were under the impression my identity got stolen and I had to freeze my credit. I spent several months speaking to my financial aid office and the IRS to get it fixed, but my credit never went back to where it was. My father knew this happened as it was going on, he helped me freeze my credit and I had to get his signature on most of the documents.  Now he seems to have forgotten all this happened. He keeps telling my aunts and uncles how they can help their children build credit by doing some complicated account transferring. Some of them who work in finance said that it doesn't sound legal. He brags that he helped both my brother and I do this and it was fine. I heard him say this and told them no, he never had access to my bank accounts or credit cards after turning 18 and my credit is in the trash because of him lying to the government. This has happened several times with several different people. He's started telling me that I should stop saying he lied the government and that nothing ever happened to my credit. I showed him my credit score during that conversation and he told me that the Chase app was wrong.   He's genuinely mad at me. My mom and my brother both told me I should stop saying things and just keep my mouth shut. My aunt just told me the same thing and I feel like I'm going crazy. Their stance is it's disrespectful to contradict him even in our private conversations like the last one. Am I the asshole here?
e83wru	My (19F) parents (49M, 56F) are splitting up. This isn't a shock. They've never been affectionate with each other or seemed to even like (let slone love) each other my whole life. I'm in my 3rd year of university 5 hours away from home, and have been distant through out it as ive never been super close with either of them.  Anyways, when my mom told me on a phone call, she asked me to lie to my dad about her talking to me about it. I said that I wouldn't. I wouldn't mention it but I'm not taking sides in this and won't be doing any lying for her.   My mom is the one who left the house. So, I stayed with my dad when I returned for a school break. Theyre having lots of discussions about the house as it is a mutual asset. My mom refuses to have these conversations and has decided to ditch and go to Europe. I'm becoming more and more resentful towards her as time goes on. My dad and I are getting super close. His sister lives in between him and my school, so we ended up celebrating thanksgiving there which my dad put in lots of effort to plan and pick me up for and everything. He also texts my to have a good day every morning which I think is so sweet. For thanksgiving my mom didnt mention her families plans even though they always have a dinner. And they did. And the only person who mentioned me at all was my uncle's wife. They facetimed my cousin, but my own mother didn't bring me up.  On top of this my mother has made some very questionable career choices which i disagree with. Shes in the cannabis business, but is just being very stupid over not getting paid for things and just wanting to be a party girl. Literally all she wants to do is go to parties and be high, and now its gotten even worse. (That was the point of her europe trip)  I haven't *done* anything to make me the asshole yet, but I'm becoming more and more distant. I'm currently moving into my own studio apartment! She doesn't know, because she won't ask my anything about my life, all she wants to do is talk about her. I'm thinking of making this a thing and making my life something i'll only tell her about if she shows she actually cares. Would this make me TA?  She has said some REALLY shitty things, which I have sided with my dad about. But its so ridiculous I feel like I couldn't be TA. We all had brunch and she was talking about how children who throw away parents belonings when they die just don't care about them enough. My dad's father died very recently (less than 6 months) before this, and he had to donste all of his belongings because he lived across the country. My dad flew out to see him when he died, but obviously couldn't spend years out there going through all of his belongings. Her comments made me beyond furious.  TLDR: My mom is completely focused on herself during my parents divorce. She has no interest in me or my life, and I'm becoming more and more distant.
e83wi5	So backstory , recently I moved to Arizona , and after a month of being there I went back California to stay with my little brother and some other family . The reason he’s not with me is because I’m fighting for custody of him . Our parents were absent most our life so I mostly raised him. He’s been doing poorly in school when I left to Arizona , he has separation anxiety that has just surfaced when I moved. I do online school by the way . So when I went to visit I brought my school lap top .  I have lessons to attend and you get it . When I got there I stayed with him , my grandma , uncle , and aunt . I’ve been here for a month maybe . And all my grandma has been doing is putting all my baby brothers duties on me . I am stable enough to raise my brother but I was going through a lot of stress at the time . And she would talk about me behind my back to my aunt and uncle . And occasionally the “ You wouldn’t be fit to care for him , you didn’t grow up with parents why raise a child?” I handle stress pretty well and I’ve been staying with him and helping him a lot . While I do this is takes a lot of my time up , obviously. The thing is she nags me to go out with her . Saying she has little time left and I should spend it with her . And I always say yes , now for this reason I’ve been putting off school work . And whenever I try to refuse she says “ When I die it’ll be your fault I’ll be unhappy “   And start fake crying , it always works though . I’ve been getting emails and phone calls from my school telling me I need to get on task before they have to kick me out . I had been missing classes , and not doing assignments. I finally had enough and told her no . To which she gave me the whole “ you’re going to be the reason I’m unhappy!”  It did make me feel terrible , but that was soon overrun with anger . I yelled at her to stop and that she is going to make me get kicked out of school if she keeps this up.  She was shocked that I had yelled at her . So she snapped back with “No wonder your parents didn’t care for you!”  I then left the room ,  I was dealing with enough stress . She refuses to talk to me now and my aunt , and uncle think I was in the wrong . That I “ruined” her life. So I have to ask , am I the asshole ?
e83pl1	I (20M) picked up my cousin Dana (22F) and her little brother (17M) as we carpooled to a NFL game. I needed to pick up two more people after. I started driving for two minutes and noticed that Dana in the shotgun seat didn’t wear her seat belt. She has always worn her seat belt properly before.    I pointed out that she forgot to wear her seat belt and she said she doesn’t like to wear it anymore. I told her “I don’t drive passengers unless they put on their seat belts, because I don’t want to be responsible if I get pulled over because of it or if I get into an accident and I’ll be liable for their injuries that would be far worse than if they had worn it. She told me to “stop being such a pansy”.   I warned her that I would pull over if she doesn’t wear her seat belt. She said “ok dad” and put on her seat belt, though improperly. She put the shoulder belt under her armpits and not over her shoulder. I got the feeling that she did that because she was self-conscious and didn’t want to create the seat belt effect when the shoulder belt goes between her new fake boobs.    I told her to wear her seat belt properly since it won’t function as it’s supposed to unless you wear it properly. She told me to stop being so annoying. I told her that I’m going to pull over if she doesn’t put the shoulder belt over her shoulders. She was protesting some more so I pulled over to the side of the road and told her to “put the seat belt on like a normal person or get out.”   She said “you just want to see my strapboob, don’t you?” I told her “if that means we make it to the game on time, then yes.” She said “I always knew you were a perve” as she adjusted her shoulder belt into the correct position. I said “how hard was that?” and resumed driving.    She accused me of staring at her boobs a few minutes later. I wasn’t staring at them and didn’t want to entertain that conversation, so I told her to “fuck off with that shit.” We got to the next pickup location soon after and the seat belt drama ended.
e83nj7	Greetings all, I am currently a high school senior who recently got their drivers license a year after able due to “maturity concerns” from my parents. I am a straight a student who is seen as a leader in my school and a “goody two shoes” in comparison with my friends. These concerns are rooted in my “inability to keep a clean room”. Naturally, I wanted to be able to make the 15 minute commute to school every morning, given that my mother currently spends every morning nagging and asking inappropriately intrusive questions. For the past two weeks, my parents have produced several trivial reasons as to why I can not do this, such as “I didn’t park at a perfect 90 degree angle 3 months ago when I was preparing to take my drivers test”, or “I am blanketly not responsible because I made coffee one morning last week and left the house exactly one minute late as a result”. These reasons seem simply like a fear of cutting me loose, and I told them this. In response, they repeated the above and I cursed aloud in sheer frustration. This was proof of my “udder lack of anger management skills” and means I will not be able to drive for the next 2 weeks. Is this reasonable? AITA for being angry here?
e83lpz	 I’ve been married for nearly 13 years and have had 2 kids: my MIL (mother in law) has only seen her first grandchild once in almost 5 years and now that our second kid has arrived- almost 3 months ago, she has asked her son to bring both kids to her place on a particular day as she had friends/family visiting from Interstate.   She has known about both kids the whole time and hasn’t made any attempt to see them - other than one time.   Background Note: this MIL tried to break me and my husband up the whole time we were dating (7 years worth) we’ve had so many challenges because of her and have made it through together (now together for almost 20years!). Every time we wanted to go out - watch a movie or anything she would always tell him that he had to drive her to the aunts place (She can drive herself but didn’t want to) or told him that he had to do some shopping for her - point is she always came up with an excuse for him not to see me. I tried to talk to her about why she was doing that and she refused to talk to me- so we haven’t spoken for years.  So now I’d like to return the favour and say that the family has plans that day and she can see the kids another day.   WIBTA for not letting her see the kids when she wants?
e83h8h	My “friend” (more like a friend of a friend who, to be honest, I don’t really like) likes this girl. Let’s call her Z. I also like Z.   Last night, we were both at a party with Z. I was talking with her, having fun, dancing, etc. he was standing realllly close to her, hitting on her, etc. he is also a very awkward person to begin with.   Her friends came up to me and asked if I wanted to hook up with Z. I told them I was very intrigued by this idea. They reported back to me later with two very important pieces of information:  1. She does not want to get with my friend 2. She wants to get with me next weekend  Knowing this, I continued to hang out with her, talk, etc. Friend does not know either of this and continued to do what he was doing too.   Fast forward to today: I text him to apologize, saying “hey so I feel bad about last night, it was a weird situation, I didn’t know you were trying to slide with Z.” He responds very passive aggressively, essentially saying he’s not mad and doesent want beef but implying that he’s upset.   AITA for my actions last night, and WIBTA if I hook up with Z this weekend?
e83h8f	EDIT: okay so I can't edit the title apparently, but it's about the neighbors' *dogs.* I'm not looking to get the neighbors spayed and neutered :p  \--------------------------------------------------------------------------------  So I (33F) am moving in with my parents for a little while after 2019 kicked my ass so hard my mouth tastes like shoe.  My parents and I get along really well and I don't see any trouble coming from us cohabiting once again. Except for one thing. My parents sold the bit of land next to their house and the new neighbors are doing slow renovations (think years not months) on the building there. The neighbors come by on and off to do some work on a weekend or a holiday. But almost every day without fail, they drop off their four large dogs in the early morning and leave them on the property until they get out of work in the evening.  These dogs bark for HOURS. Not occasionally during those hours, but continuously for hours on end, pretty much right outside the room where I'll be working. I can only wear headphones for so long before I get headaches and I need some quiet to work.  The dogs seem to be in relatively good shape. They have some rudimentary shelter (all outside though) and as far as I can see there's water and food for them. They look healthy and they have plenty of room to run around. But they are stiff with anxiety and run around all day just barking their heads off and killing any living thing that gets near them. Once or twice they've escaped and killed some chickens.  The first time around when I lived there, I begged my parents to call animal services to check on the dogs and maybe see about talking to the owners about not leaving them alone all day. Or maybe even the police to file a noise complaint. My parents are very much "don't rock the boat" kind of people. They agreed that the barking and the possible neglect are a problem, but these new neighbors have a reputation of making life miserable for anyone who they perceive as an "enemy". And it doesn't take much to be labeled the enemy. There's some of the typical neighbor horror stories that I wouldn't wish on anyone, let alone my family. It'd a pretty quiet area so I think it would be fairly obvious who called the authorities.  On the one hand I totally understand that getting into a one-sided war with the neighbors is a nightmare that can last for decades. On the other hand, this barking almost drove me to absolute despair the first time around (it was a large part of the reason I moved out) and I worry about those dogs. They started out with two but now there's four and my sister said there might be a fifth one.  So, WIBTA if I called animal services or the police anyway?  (For context, we don't live in the US so any legal reasons that might influence your verdict probably won't be relevant. And there are very few shelters here that euthanize animals. Unless they are a clear direct threat to their surroundings, dogs are almost never put down. So that's probably a factor too.)
e83gaf	It’s kind of a hard situation and one where the decision isn’t entirely mine. Back a few months ago we agreed to watch a friends kids because she suddenly lost her sitter and really had no where else to turn. I hadn’t agreed to it before hand pretty much because I knew it’d overwhelm me but when she had nowhere else to go we decided to help regardless. So it’s been about 4 months and we’ve had a lot of trouble with them and well the sitting(2 boys both school age). I should probably add that I also have 2 of my own children one of which is the same age as one of the boys I sit. They constantly fight and don’t listen very well, we’re pretty consistent with discipline but it just really is ineffective. We were willing to work with them and try to help improve on some of these issues but recently my son has been coming home from school saying they are bullying him at school and some days is completely withdrawn and won’t tell me what’s wrong. And because I know some people are going to say my son could be lying, I’ve also been warned by other parents of this behavior and told they have been asking their children to look out for my son, so I know he isn’t lying to me about it. So the other day he asked me if we could stop watching them after talking to him about what was going on at school and it broke my heart. I know their mom is in a seriously rough position and I feel awful but there’s a lot more to us wanting to quit but that straw that broke the camels back was my son asking me if we could stop. I don’t want him to feel unsafe and I’m worried it could send him the wrong message if we keep watching them. And yes this has all been addressed with the mom and things haven’t really changed and I really don’t think they will.
e83fcw	Ex bf and I dated 4 years. Check comments for reasons.   We’ve been broken up for a year. In October we tried to be friends/date. It didn’t go well. He name called, made snide comments, arguments lasted for hours, even if I agreed with him.   His main issue was if I had sex with anyone else during our breakup. October would mark 10 months. I said I didn’t think it was a good idea to talk about this because nothing good can come out of it. He kept pushing and I said no. He didn’t believe me and asked “did you do anything else? Because I don’t accept you giving blow jobs, hand jobs, or other men touching you, its all sex”. Of course I did other stuff. This went on for days and we just stopped talking when I wouldn’t disclose.  December will mark 1 year. We’ve decided to try again. I had 4 conditions (comments), one was sexual history is off limits. He didn’t agree, saying “I don’t talk to exes who had sex with other men”.   I feel like he was trying to get me to deny it from the way he worded it. I was so irritated. I just replied saying “Okay I understand. Please enjoy the holidays and Merry Christmas”. He probably thinks I had sex, but I just didn’t want to deal with it anymore.  AITA for not telling him? Is this something men seriously want to know?
e83cr4	So I am chilling placing Halo Reach on PC with 2 friends and we are playing the campaign mission named Night of Solace on the heroic difficulty. At the beginning of the map, it already started off rocky. One of my friends kept team killing me. We completed the first part on Earth with little difficulty. It is space part where things started getting bad. The team killing became incessant with our other friend being caught in our feud.  At one point I accidentally dropped my needle rifle (MY FAVORITE GUN) and this "friend" stole it and would not give it back. At this point where were at a part where it was easy to execute an elite. The host kept resetting because he could not get an ANIMATION. While we were being reset constantly, I was killing the "friend" to get my needle rifle back. I FINALLY killed him, but I had no shield and little health. He respawned, killed me, and stole my needle rifle AGAIN. The block or forgive button came up and I kicked him. AITA for kicking him so he had to do the whole mission over again?
e83bho	Tl;dr other driver in work carpool drives himself into work 2 times a week so he can go to the gym after work, but still expects to be paid for the entire week of driving.  I am part of a work carpool that involves 3 people. I drive, another guy (D) drives, and the other girl (C) doesn't have a car so she pays us. Initially we started off with myself and D alternating weeks of who drives, and C would pay us $10 per week to go to work. After 6 months of this, D got mad and said C wasn't paying enough and insisted she pay $20/week. She was cool and had no problem, I was fine with $10/week but whatever.  Sometimes I will have an appointment or have to go to my second job after work, so once per week occasionally I would not drive everyone else in the carpool so I could leave right after work. D flipped out and said this wasn't fair, so I started trying to purposely schedule these one off times to when he was driving anyways, so it wouldn't be an inconvenience.  Now D has decided that he wants to use the gym at work, which lets you work out before work, during lunch, or after work. Our work is also relaxed and will let you eat at your desk outside of your lunch break if you use it to go to the gym. D wants to go after work, which is fine with me, but he has now started going 2-3 times a week. He still wants to get paid for his full week of driving even though he only drives half of the week.  WIBTA if I change how C pays us so that she pays us per ride as opposed to per week? I feel that it will be more fair, especially since he makes her pay the entire week even if she does not come in with us for vacation days, etc. However, I don't want to drag C into this and make it harder for her.
e83aar	Recently my gold friend has been doing some potentially risky things. Some of these things are worse than others. For example when I’m the car with another friend they will go 130+ mph in a 50 mph limit and act like it’s fine or trespassing in railroad yards, which in America is a big deal. Just recently he climbed onto a railroad signal bridge in a visible area. Luckily this was at night and no one saw him or the others he was with. He’s been doing these stupid things for a couple weeks now. Luckily nothing has happened so far.  His mom can be very strict and controlling so he could be taking advantage of freedom but I don’t think he’s doing it in the right way. I don’t want to see him get in any major legal trouble, like being arrested, he’s a good friend and a good person. I’m not asking anything bad to happen but I would like to see this in some way  catch up to him. Maybe a ticket or just his mother catches him. Am I the asshole for wanting to see him get in trouble for his actions?  Edit: I have told him repeatedly to stop and that what he is doing is dangerous and will get him into trouble.
e839rl	Ok, a little back story.   I was really hesitant on going to therapy for many years due to the fact that I've had bad therapists in the bad (I've had 1 good one and 4 bad ones). After my friend kept pushing me, I agreed to start going to therapy as I get anxious over my future a lot considering I'm graduating soon. I have had a troublesome growing up, but I won't discuss what happened.  Anyway, I have a doctors appointment in late December to discuss my options of therapy and which psychologist I should see. My friend knows this and keeps pushing me to consider medication, I have had medication in the past and have had a bad reaction to it. He knows this and keeps telling me that he had horrible reactions and kept trying to say I should keep trying it until I find one that is going to work for me.  I said to him that I don't want to start medication until I spoke to a therapist and got a professional to diagnose me and then if it was my last option, then I would consider it. I have had this argument with him multiple times that I don't want to try medication cause I don't feel as I need it. Every time a conversation with therapy or a discussion with friends involving mental health, he tries to push it on me.  I had an argument with him saying he pushes me and treats me like I'm broken and that it's my only option to have medication when I want to discuss that with a professional to which he insinuated that I called people who takes medication broken. (I don't think that at all, if you need the medication you have my full support. I just said he treated me like I was broken). And he tried to go on about how that was hurtful for him, to which I explained that is not what I said at all and he completely twisted what I said cause I was mad at him and he wanted me to feel bad.  We have had many arguments like this and honestly it is exhausting, so I said that I can't deal with this stuff anymore and I have had enough, he was apologetic and asked if he could check in on me. But knowing how we keep arguing in the past over the same stuff all the time I just said I needed space and didn't think being close was good. I also expressed I don't think we should live together next year because it's honestly draining having the same arguments again.  Am I in the wrong for saying I need space? I haven't cut off our friendship or anything, I just don't have the energy to deal with it anymore.
e836xi	Background:my nephew had to stay at my place yesterday because my sister had to work and she is a single mom.  Before he went to bed I laid a tarp on the air mattress he slept on because he has a bed wetting issue. My sister found out and she yelled at me for my dehumanizing methods and that I should feel ashamed of my self.(my nephew is 4 years old). AITA
e830jf	Characters: me, housemates 1 and 2, S, K and R (friends of housemates and mine), Y  So I’m turning 21 this week (yay!!). Last Sunday, I decided I wanted to have a party Friday, which is at the end of my school’s exam period. I decided to invite about 25 total, including my housemates and friends from my extracurricular  Besides my extracurricular, I am in a different major than Housemate 1 and Housemate 2, so they don’t know all of the people I’m friends with. They are in a very small major where everyone knows everyone, and most of their friend group is from that circle.  On my list, I’d included three people from their friend group: S, K and R.  Nonetheless, they immediately were like “well strawberriesnscreem we were thinking of having like an end-of-the-semester party that day, can we just make it a normal thing and not a birthday thing? And we all get to invite the same amount of people, like a quota.” (This was the first I’d heard of these plans). Housemate 2 also said, “I know three people on this list and I don’t feel comfortable being in MY house and not knowing most of the people.”  This all made me really frustrated and upset. At some parties we’ve hosted, I have not known the people there as well as they did or not known them at all in some cases. If it was a normal party I'd be fine with quotas, but because it's a BIRTHDAY party I don't want to have a ton of people I don't know. Also, I would NEVER try and invite a ton of people who only I was friends with because I felt left out - instead, I’ve tried to mingle and make the best of it which has resulted in becoming friendly with S, K and R.  I said “I’ve been looking forward to turning 21 for a while so I kind of want to make it more of a birthday thing. I don’t want to tell my friends that not all of them can come, that's not cool. If you want to have SOME more people you know that’s fine but I don’t want there to be a ton of people who I don’t know and who don’t know me.”  Everyone continued to ignore me and kept talking about all the people they wanted to invite (including my psycho roommate Y from freshman year who they KNOW I strongly dislike) and a lot of whom I didn’t know. They also decided to ask people to pay to get in so that if we got a noise complaint we could pay for the ticket.  I think this is all fucking stupid. Ww live in a shared house and people shouldn’t try and monopolize it, but I truly feel like they don't respect me. If ANYONE ELSE had someone who they didn't like as much as I dislike Y, there is NO CHANCE they would be invited.  I don’t want to turn friends away bc of an arbitrary quota, I don’t want to make my friends pay to hang out with me and I DON’T want to have my 21st birthday be taken over by people I don’t know who could potentially get the cops called on us.  I feel like they’re being exclusive toward me while also accusing ME of being exclusive for wanting to set boundaries.  AITA?
e82zen	This is a problem I've (22) addressed previously with my bf (24). My bf plays PC games every time he gets home from work and we hang out around every other day. I would always drive to his house, which would take me 15-20 mins. Now that he's recently moved, it takes me 30-40 mins to drive over. This is usually what happens, he gets home from work, we get food, we eat said food, he plays PC games or does hw, and then goes to sleep.   During the weekends, we normally run errands, eat food, or both work on schoolwork. Once he's done with schoolwork, he tells me that's he's only going to play quick game of Dota. Now, I know that there is no such thing as a "quick game of Dota". It normally takes anywhere from an hour to two hours per game. When I complained that I felt like he didn't really spend "quality time" with me, he defended himself by saying he spent time getting food with me, doing hw, errands, etc. Which I do not consider to be "quality time". It's not that I'm expecting us to sit around singing kumbaya either or talk about our feelings.  I suppose I'm writing this bc I need to know if I'm being one of those clingy gfs or not. My grandmother passed away today and he knows I've been feeling depressed so I told him I would be coming over. Drove 30 mins only to find him playing Dota. I have to leave in about an hour and he knows this so I'm typing this a bit annoyed with him. Idk, I've told him how I feel about this and I understand he wants his own time with the boys which I respect but I don't know if we need to talk about this more.
e82yv3	So my not so best friend right now and I have been best friends since high school. The past year almost two have taken a great toll on our friendship. I got married in June of 2018. She was my MOH. She literally ghosted me on my wedding day. I know I’m still a little bitter, I own that. I think a lot of the reason why is because I was there when she had her children, I threw all 3 of her baby showers, and her bachelorette party. (Wedding was pushed out) her son, my god son, was supposed to be my ring bearer, and my youngest daughter and her daughter were my flower girls. So it wasn’t like I wasn’t including her whole family in my wedding. Her mom was invited and her fiancé as well.  Anyways, so wedding day comes and I message her and ask her what time she’s going to be at the venue. No answer. Okay maybe she’s driving or on her way. I wait a couple hours, I call her. Nothing. By this time it’s time to start the wedding. So I suck it up and my brother ends up being my Man of Honor. Ceremony comes and goes. I message her again before we go to the reception she leaves me on read. At this point while yes it’s my wedding day I’m beyond hurt. I have fun with my new husband and we go to leave. I run to Walmart when I get back home and she calls me. She says congrats. I try to be nice and I ask her what happened. Thinking you know maybe one of the kids got sick maybe her fiancé or her got called into work or you know the usual emergencies you think of when someone ghosts you. Nope. “Oh yeah we decided we didn’t want to come” no I’m sorry or even offered to pay me back for the $50 I sent her for gas to get to my wedding as she lived an hour away because she didn’t have it. She took the money I gave her and went out to eat instead. I was livid but also so extremely hurt. We had a long talk about it about 6 months ago and how hurt I was and she told me I was being a bitch and that I needed to get over it. We haven’t spoken since. So people of Reddit AITA for basically ending a ten year friendship over this?
e82xpj	My \[27F\] partner \[28m\] broke up with me because we both work too much, and he felt like I didn't put him first in our relationship. The weekend he broke up with me, I actually bought him a Nintendo Switch console, which is something he's been talking about for months. I was going to give it to him as a gift over the holidays, but I returned it immediately. Feeling hurt after he broke up with me, I told him about the console as an example of how I tried my best to do special things for him.  Two days after we broke up, he came back and said that he wanted to get back together. We've built a life together and have many years under our belt, so we're both committed to working on our issues. We're taking things slowly, so we're not doing any big plans over the holidays. WIBTA for not repurchasing a Nintendo Switch after telling him I was going to gift it to him? He already knows that I returned it after he broke up with me, but we haven't talked about it since getting back together.  EDIT: I quickly realized that the way my story is worded makes it sound like he's getting back together with me for the console. This is definitely untrue! There is way more to the story, but that falls under r/relationship_advice.
e82uta	So to give a little more info on our situation, we live together in a 3 bedroom apartment with one other roommate. We were together when we moved in and had a falling out about 2 months ago, I wanted to get my own place with another friend and decided I would move early because things just get really awkward and sometimes even hostile (I’d rather not go into detail).  So last Thursday I found a house and decided that I was moving around January. The next day my ex comes home and tells me he’s gotten laid off and asks if there’s any way I can help him. I feel kind of stuck between a rock and a hard place, there was a point earlier this year when we were together where I was in the same predicament and he helped me but it was also a lot more sudden and I found a part time job fairly fast that paid my bills and he helped me eat and keep gas in my car. Eventually I got a nice full time job and could support myself. I knew he was getting laid off soon and he wouldn’t admit it to himself or even look for other jobs after I begged him. Now that the situations swapped I feel obligated to, but because he’s been so nonchalant about finding a job until after the fact and is kind of making it seem like I owe him stresses me out to high heavens and honestly doesn’t make me want to help him.   AITA for not wanting to help my ex pay his portion of bills because I’m saving to move and don’t feel like he’s really being that proactive in the situation?   Apologies for any formatting I’m doing it on my phone  Edit: UPDATE  So my ex is still laid off but has a few options, he’ll either go back to his new job in the middle of January or he starts a new job with is old supervisor with another company. He’s calmed down on asking me and I think realizes it leaves me no money to move and we’ve both had conversations where it would be nice for me to move so we can have more space and have a better chance of being good friends again. Thank you guys for you input, I was having a really hard time deciding what to do but having everyone unbiased opinions has helped.   Thank you.
e82svz	The other night I hit the progressive jackpot on a casino table game for about $100k. My friend and I were playing next to each other.   Both of us were drunk, so i’m not completely clear on the story. In order to win the progressive jackpot, you need to place a side bet. My friend is claiming that she placed the side bet (about $5) for me on my winning hand and that she should be getting half the winnings.   I don’t remember who actually placed the side bet. Conflicted since I wouldn’t have won if the side bet wasn’t placed but not sure who placed it. WIBTA if I only give her a partial share (10%) and not half the winnings?  Obviously gambling and drinking are a terrible idea.
e82qoy	This is such a small issue but my sister is making a big deal of it and I'm jumping back between whether or not I'm an asshole.  So our dad texted me basically saying 'I'm going to go to work and then the bar, I'll bring home blunt wraps on the way home since \[your sister\] has to have them.' For the past half year my sister asks every day for blunt wraps on the way home, will do things that we specifically ask her not to do (make us food, clean, etc) so that she can then say that she did that for us so we should get her the blunts. If we say no she gets mad or angry and gives us attitude all fucking day.  Sister then asked to borrow my phone, no biggie. I let her. She comes back crying and says 'dad texted you, I read what he SAID.' She was mad about the last comment about how she has to have them. She ended up crying, have a full break down consisting raising her voice and listing every wrong thing in her life (our mom died last year, our dog died 6 months ago, her favorite rapper died today, dads being mean, she's nearly out of weed, my dads girlfriend 4 years ago was mean to her, etc) and basically recites every single way her life went wrong 2-3 times over while scream yelling/raising her voice. BTW I'm normally okay listening to her vent but I told her multiple times I am not okay or comfortable talking to her if she's going to yell at me the whole time for things out of my control!  She leaves and while she was gone I basically sent dad a text saying 'I fucked up, \[sister\] read the texts and it got me in trouble. Can you stop and pick up Chinese on the way home?'   She comes back calmed down an hour later and wants to play sims. I say sure. After a while she wants to take a break and asks if she can borrow my phone to listen to music. I say sure. she unlocks it and my dumb ass forgot to close the texting app and delete what I said to our dad. She got even more mad and stormed away.   Sister then went in the bathroom that shares a wall with my room and started to cry very loudly for 40 minutes straight. I feel bad and don't want her to cry but jfc, she's literally going through my text messages. The second one sure, that was my bad, but the first one she saw because SHE decided to look through my thread and scroll up to see what our dad had said about the blunt wraps.  I shouldn't have to hide my texts, and I shouldn't have to worry about my sister snooping through my shit. Besides, she does have an issue with smoking and she DOES ask for blunts every day. My dad said earlier that it feels like he only lives to get her weed and blunts. It's ridiculous. Instead of asking why I was upset or why I felt like I was in trouble, she jumped the gun and got mad.   AITA for what I texted my dad? :/
e82psw	Hi,  Wondering if I'm in the wrong here. I thought I was being generous. My girlfriend has owed me some $ for a while - about $400 for a flight and car repair I paid for for her. I did so under the pretenses that it was a loan, not a gift, and that I expected to be paid back. We're pretty fair and usually rotate paying for dinner/etc unless it's a special occasion (birthday, holiday, etc) in which case I pay in full. It's important to note that we've been dating for about 10 months, and we're not at the point in our relationship where we share finances. I'm not exactly broke but I'm not rich either. I asked her, nicely, about two months ago whether she was going to be able to pay me back and she was adamant that she would. I mentioned it again about a month ago and she told me not to worry and that she would pay me back.   For her birthday, she mentioned that she wanted the new Airpods Pro - I didn't once ever make her believe that I was getting them for her, it was just something she had mentioned a few times in passing. Her birthday rolls around, and I took her out to a nice fancy dinner and got her flowers and a card. As her "gift", I decided to wipe her debt away. It was starting to drive a wedge between us and I didn't want it to be hanging over the both of us going forward, as I intend to be with her for a while. She was *pissed* about this, and told me that it isn't a gift and I'm an asshole for even considering it. Am I in the wrong here? I genuinely thought I was doing something nice, and $400 is much more than I would have spent on a gift. Let me know if I'm wrong.  Thanks,  Edit: lots of people messaging me saying I’m a terrible boyfriend and that a man should support a woman financially. First of all, no. Second of all, I’m a woman and we are lesbians. I should’ve been more explicit about that but I didn’t think it was material to the situation.
e82orm	So it's a long story but I'll try to simplify it.  I was in a very toxic relationship with a very toxic person for 4 years. I left her this past summer. She has a son that will be turning 16 a couple months after christmas. I've always been the breadwinner in our relationship. Her ex husband and the father of her son is a terrible person and was never really involved in her son's life. Unless you count him randomly showing up drunk with random gifts, pretending like he's the world's best father.  So her son had always been a bit of a dick to me. He slashed the tires on both of my cars. I've lived in this neighborhood for 10 years and there has never been vandalism yet a month after they moved in with me, my cars got vandalized but my ex's car didn't. I grew up with divorced parents so I understood the rebelling and the whole not liking your mom's bf stuff. So I was always trying to win him over, even though he was a dick to me.  My ex suggested that we get him a car for xmas/his birthday since he was turning 16 and she could only afford a really POS car herself. So I thought this was the perfect opportunity to win him over and develop a good relationship with him. My father restores classic cars for a living. So ex's son likes old, lifted trucks. Me and my dad found an old truck, repainted it, fixed it, lifted it and put big wheels and tires on it. I invested like $5-6k into it.   My ex knew about the truck and was super excited to see how her son would react to the gift.  My ex texted me the other day and asked what time I would come by on christmas day to give her son the truck/gift. She also informed me that she told her son that she was giving him a truck for xmas, and showed him pics of the truck I built for him. He's been sending me texts apologizing for his behavior and thanking me for building the truck and overall being not a dick to me, plus he's said he sent the pics to all his friends and shit. I told her that I'm probably not going to give it to him and she offered to buy it but she can only do payments over time.  So I'm 100% not going to give him that fucking truck. I know it's probably going to devastate him and I'm gonna get probably hundreds of nasty texts and voicemails from her and him and probably their whole family.  So WIBTA for not giving it to him?
e82mh7	Hey r/AmITheAsshole!  Im in a predicament, and I feel like im TA, but I dont think I am at the same time.  So I've never had a lot of money. Paycheck to paycheck living, no time or means to be good to myself. I started in the Real Estate business, and this past year, it has been extremely gracious to me. Im passionate about helping people attain their goals in this field, and that happiness outweighs the satisfaction of the paychecks that I've never had.   My friends notice this and they're all happy for me as well. One of my best friends notice that I suddenly have things I wouldnt normally have, like a car, and a place of my own to live in, etc as a result of my new line of work. He wants to follow me into this line of work, so he can have the same pay and quit his day job. I support him fully, and tell him that he's more than welcome to join my brokerage (That my family owns). I even make plans for us to do marketing events together and we can split the lead and commission so I can support him starting.   After convincing my family to allow it, and having him intern and taking the time to have our assistant teach him how work is out on the field, he decided to join a different brokerage. I wasnt upset about this at the time, but now he's licensed, and marketing for himself and doing the things that anyone would do. But I didnt like or support him on any platforms because I now view him as more competition, than if he were in my brokerage with me. I feel bad because he supported me when I first started, but Im conflicted about supporting him when he's starting because he's now competition. WIBTA if I decided to not support him?   -Heads up I've already supported him on three failed business that he's started on his own within the past two years.
e82m1k	So my father's cousin recently had a minor surgery, and I called and made sure she was okay. Today my parents wanted to go visit but as I wasn't feeling well (mentally) I decided I would rather stay home with the dog. They started screaming at me saying and I translate as best I can "You're not human! How can you not visit someone after surgery, are you not human? You've lost all humanity! Truly I can't believe you, how can you call yourself human if you can't do something as simple and humane as this??" And later on at the night once they returned my dad started going on about how I am a failure and keep frustrating them. So I, shocked, say I'M frustrating YOU and they all gang up on me and say how I always love starting fights with them like they are my classmates or friends. Mind you, my friends love me and often times people around me get mad because I don't get mad or even stand up for myself much.   So am I the asshole who keeps making problems with my family?
e82lvi	I would like to start off with the fact that I do not like being touched, and I’m not one that is big on touching other people. I hate it when people do try to touch me without my consent, even when it’s like touching my shoulder or my leg or my hair. I hate it all. I like my personal space and boundaries to be respected by the members of my family but they don’t seem to understand that.  So starting from the beginning my grandfather is very physically affectionate. Like a lot of the members of my family. He loves to hug and poke and just touch everyone he loves. That’s okay for the rest of my family but not for me. I feel like it’s such an invasion of my personal space and it makes me cringe.  Tonight at dinner we were sitting down and joking around and my grandfather keeps poking at me and touching my shoulder and leg. Now this would’ve been fine if it was a singular instance but it’s not. He does this almost daily since he has moved in with us. I have to tell my family every single day that I would appreciate it if they would not touch me and respect my boundaries. They don’t seem to understand that, so tonight at dinner I begin to stand my ground and actually get defensive about them respecting my personal space. In fact they made fun of me by continuing to poke me and touch me and talking about how weird I am. I’m left visibly uncomfortable and annoyed at their lack of respect.  They told me that they thought that I was joking. They couldn’t have been serious since they have known for a very long time that I do not like being touched. So during dinner I keep telling them “you should respect my personal boundaries and my personal space.” They don’t. They don’t even respect me as a human much less my personal space.  After dinner disbanded and I went to my room annoyed at their disrespect towards me, a little while later my mom knocks on my door. I open it and she’s in tears and practically yelling at me about how “if I ever disrespect her dad like that ever again I will be in deep shit.” And that “I need to text or call him (my grandpa) and apologize immediately.” Like how about me? How about respecting me and not touching me because I fucking hate it. It makes my blood boil and they can’t seem to understand that no matter how many times I explain to them or tell them that they need to stop.  TLDR: Am I the asshole because my family loves touching and physical affection and I don’t? I tell them not to touch me but they continue to do it and tonight at dinner I actually got mad and told them to stop. My mom gets pissed because I “disrespected her dad,” and forces me to apologize.
e82k6r	I'm a 20 year old woman. The only reason I still live here is because college is expensive and I don't make enough to support myself on my own at the moment.   Background: I've got two bratty 12 year old brothers. They constantly barge into my room and yell because they think it's funny, harass my pet, steal my things, call me names, and are just plain disrespectful. My parents do nothing about it and it drives me bonkers. The past few months I've started to have major resentment and been super stressed with other things and I can feel that one of these days I'm gonna end up letting all that anger out which will probably land me on the streets.  I took it upon myself to buy a simple sliding latch lock to use only when I don't want to be bothered or when they're being disrespectful little shits. I don't bring my boyfriend here, smoke, drink, or do anything my parents would freak out about here. I've been a fairly good kid my entire life but my mom threw a fit over it, told me I was being disrespectful and that her and my father had every right to be in my room (*I didnt buy the lock for any other reason besides the brats, my father would never snoop through my belongings anyways because he understands personal space*)    I know I live under their roof but my patience has really been declining and stress is getting the better of me. Am I really being disrespectful for trying to have privacy?  *This was a repost, I accidentally broke one of the rules last time*
e82j4b	My mom started transitioning from male to female about a year ago and was transitioning earlier that that which I didn't know about. Since she came out about her transition she wants to share clothes with me. I fully support her so don't make any comments this isn't about that. I just don't want to share clothes. First of all we are not the same size. Second I don't like seeing her in my clothes, I just don't, it has nothing to do with her transition it's that she's my parent.  She also bought some stuff that's more stretchy that we can each fit into it so we can share it back and forth, and I don't want to, I just don't. She's hurt and says that this is something moms and daughters do and she wants to share this with me, but I don't do this with my other mom, and never have. I just don't want to share clothing or for that matter even jewelry, makeup or other stuff with her. Am I the asshole?
e82flx	Weird question but here is the story.  My boyfriend and I have been on and off for the past 3 years. The largest breakup gap was from April until mid November. During the time we were broken up, one of my male friends invited me to go on a cruise with his family and friends. I accepted because I have never been on a cruise and I really want to travel. My friend and I decided to share a room since it was really expensive. Everything has been paid for.  Fast forward to now. My boyfriend and I are back together and I decided to tell him about the cruise. I told him about the room situation and of course he Isn’t happy and wants me to cancel the cruise. I feel like I should not cancel because this was planned when we were broken up and if we were to break up again when the cruise comes around I would have cancelled it for nothing. But what happens when the cruise comes around and we are still together? WIBTA if i still went?
e82d0l	The title sounds a little abrasive but hear me out.   For the sake of sounding like I’m bragging, and inb4 I start getting inboxes telling me to prove it, I have a curvier body type. This is relevant because dress pants, what my manager wants us all to wear for work, are form fitting and hug my hips and thighs. I cannot size up either because it looks like I have a saggy diaper and it sags at the waist even with a belt.   My female manager pulled me aside after my first week there and told me the dress pants won’t be appropriate for me and said that I could wear black jeans instead.   I have three pairs of work jeans that I cycle through and my manager says they are all too tight. I bartend so I’m not walking all over the place; i’m literally behind a bar so most patrons just see me from the waist up.   I’m not sure if this is an issue among the other managers because she is the only one confronting me, but she is also the only female manager so idk if the men would be comfortable broaching a subject like this.   Finally today she told me I’d get written up if I don’t find pants that are less form fitting. As much as I wanted to tell her policing body types isn’t in the handbook but bad breathe is, I just told her I’d try but I’m wearing jeans that fit me rather than sag.   I work tomorrow and I think I’m going to tell the district manager what’s going on finally and if the comments don’t stop, I’m quitting the next time it happens. I didn’t even think she could be policing my body until I told my mom about it who was pissed.
e82809	Bit of a backstory, I've been friends with this girl for close to 10 years. While she's always been a bit of a bitch we got along great. She's my daughter's aunty and has been there through all the big moments in my life. I even call her parents mum and dad. We were super close tell-each-other-everything type of friends.  Here's where it gets complicated. This past year has been super shit on her. Her now ex of 7 years cheated on her. Her work life has been really bad. Her mental health has taken a total beating. And I've been there for her through it all taking her through the bad days and helping pull her out of the hole, or at least trying. All the while Ive been going through the wringer too, but I've put it all aside when she says she needs me.  The past weekend was her birthday dinner which myself and our other good friend were invited to. All close friends and family having a nice dinner, all coming together for her. It was a good night up until her new partner and his parents turned up. Then hrr whole demeanor changed. She told me and our other friend we were embarrassing because we were laughing and cracking jokes. We had eyerolls and snide comments thrown at us saying we were drunk when we'd had one drink. I ended up giving her parents some money to cover my part of dinner and leaving. I had enough and decided i should leave so she could have a good night.  So today is her actual birthday and i sent her a message saying happy birthday, love you and the rest and all i got back was a thumbs up. I messaged her mum asking if I'd done something wrong and she sent back that after myself and our other friend left she exploded saying she had outgrown us and was "done". I apologised to her mum and she said not to worry, it's just my friend taking her bad time at life out on us.  AITA for wanting to cut our friendship off? I can't continue to be a punching bag for her bad moods but I also don't want to say goodbye to my best friend either.
e8272x	Aita: my husband has a bad habit of leaving his leather wallet in his pants. I inevitably ruin his wallet. I devised a “system,” so I thought. I got a hamper system, and I talked with him about clothes not going in it till they were ready to be washed. (I will admit, I used to have a problem with pens and notes in my pockets). Well, our washer broke, so I loaded up all the clothes in the hamper and trekked over to my in laws to wash clothes in the process, his wallet was in his pants and got ruined... third one this year. He is upset with me that I didn’t check the pockets before washing, I am upset he didn’t abide by the “empty your pockets before putting things in the hamper,” rule. He swears he never talked about this because he thinks it is silly not to check before putting them in the machine... I think it’s ridiculous to check the multitude of pockets in his pants for something he might have left when we are doing laundry for a family of 5.  TLDR: check pockets before doing laundry or empty pockets before putting them in the hamper??
e826n5	My friend (the groom) wants his bachelor party to be in a big AirBnB. He is inviting 12 other people (including me, the planner/best man). He's inviting our core group of friends, his own friends (who I know but also know they get rowdy), his co-workers and his friends from college. Age range of the party will probably be 29-35.   My core group of friends all have stable jobs. As for the groom's invitees, I don't know any of their situations. I don't want to put an AirBnB reservation under my name and be held responsible for anything that may happen, especially when I don't know half the people I'm even making a reservation for. I'm pretty pissed at my friend for even putting me in this situation, and when I told him I didn't want to reserve the AirBnB, he fed me the "we're all adults, we'll pay if anything even did happen, it shouldn't be my responsibility to book the room and pay for it". I was clear that I would find us a few options based on the planning I'm doing, and he could pick out the place he wanted, but he would have to put it under his name and we would all pay for it. AITA
e826mv	A couple months ago, I had some family move into our house because they sold their old house and needed a place to stay while they look for another one. My two cousins and their parents are staying in this big empty back part of the house that we never use.   I’ve really bonded with my two cousins over the course of a couple months, and we hang out all the time. Long story short, one of my cousins has terrible eating habits and will often completely skip out on meals and eat junk food, like chips, ice cream, ect. Their mom doesn’t seem to care or even notice, but I have, and it bothers me. I haven’t said anything since a couple weeks ago when my cousin became really really sick. She visited the doctor with her mom and they found out that she was near anemic and extremely malnourished.  They gave her a bunch of injections and prescribed her pills and medicine (and probably vitamins, I’m guessing?) and told her that she needs to improve her diet. Even though her mom was with her when the doctor told them all of this, she seems to not care at all. She hasn’t told her to eat healthier, and continues to spoil her with whatever junk food she wants. To make matters worse, my cousin has hardly taken any of the medicine they prescribed her.  I felt kind of forced to say something, so I did. I try not to be rude or be too pushy, I will usually just remind her to not eat a lot of chips or other junk food before we eat. (Like I said above, she replaces meals with junk food). Whenever I do this she gets upset and asks why I care or why it’s any of my business. So far she hasn’t listened to anything I’ve said, and her mom has taken no action to even try to remind her to eat healthier. It would really suck to see her condition get worse, and it worries me that she isn’t listening to me, or even the doctor that told her that her sickness is largely due to her diet. I’m not really sure what to do or if I’m doing is even right.
e826j2	Bad formatting I'm on mobile  Context: I love in a duplex-ish apartment, basically a large house was split into two with shotty drywall etc.   So I have these new neighbors where I stay, I'm not the type to introduce myself and welcome anyone but I'm very polite and giving most of the time. These new neighbors move in before ANYTHING is turned on. No power, no water. While having a discussion with one I'm told they just really want out of the current household so they're gonna just make due, even though they could go stay where they were before until the power is on with no real issues. (Alot of sense right?)   So to tldr most of my drunk rambling: Me: is playing with son with the hose.   Neighbor: hey would you mind us using one of your buckets to get some water to flush our toilet   Me: Of course here ya go 10 minutes later Neighbor: hey can we borrow that extra stroller you have in the front to carry some laundry?   Me: Uhm sure it's not really used just bring it back please I need it for work(I know but it's true)  2 hours later   Neighbor: HEY CAN WE RUN AN EXTENTION CORD FROM YOUR HOUSE TO CHARGE OUR PHONES?  Me: fuck no.    There was more to this question as she actually pressed me for it, but it ended how it started, with a no. So it's been 2 days and they just straight walked up to me at 7pm asking for 10 bucks. I tell them to leave me alone and they press and I send them away.   Now my issue here is in my mind it's time to be the asshole. I'm knocking on they're door tomorrow and laying into them to simply end all of this. Is it wrong of me to do this though?
e824jm	TL:DR: My friend thinks I don't trust her after I said "according to you".  So me and my close friend, my closest friend, were talking about how I made one of my other friends (now ex-friend) mad. Close friend is still close to her and I know they're texting.   Close friend tells me ex-friend is complaining about school work. We continue talking about the situation.  Later on, we talk about the earlier thing and I say yeah ex-friend is doing such and such "according to you."  Close friend gets really mad. And texts "Why don't you trust me" I tell close friend I do trust them and apologise. Close friend says they need a few days.  The rest of this is where I know I messed up.  a few days later I send a spam of apologies. Friend tells other ex-friend to ask me to stop. I stop and friend responds with "K."  AITA for saying "according to you."
e821aw	Getting straight to the point, I'm 17f and pregnant. Over the age of consent in the country we live in but we're both still in high school - which fortunately works in a different way so that leaving school isn't as detrimental to our future as it is in other countries. I'm continuing my education through online study and plan to eventually get a degree in business/finance through an online polytechnic (basically community college). I'll convert any money mentioned to USD, but I dont actually understand how the US const of living actually works compared to where I live.  He hasn't been awfully supportive, requesting that I abort but at this point - its after 12 weeks and I cant consider it for him. While I'm pro-choice, I've said right from the moment we became sexually active that I won't consider an abortion because I morally couldn't go through with it. He agreed back then but admitted that he thought that I'd reconsider if it actually happened - which I told him that I wouldn't because I was honest from the get go. He said that he'll go through with whatever I decide as it's my body, but I can tell he's stressed out about my choice.  My parents have agreed to support me on a few conditions - the main one being that I save the majority of my paycheck ever week. I earn an average of $500 ($328 USD) per week working 27 hours, however sometimes I earn upwards of $850 ($557 USD) due to taking extra shifts on board. All I've been putting any money towards is petrol, lunch/snacks and garden supplies (ie: potting mix, fertilizer, etc...) which I can get cheap from my work. So far, over the last two/three months I have saved around $5500 ($3608 USD) and my parents have been supportive.  My boyfriend on the other hand has only just gotten a job in the last month or so, minimum wage and earning $540 a week ($354 USD). He's working 40 hours a week and hasnt saved very much, which I was okay with until yesterday, as he only just got the job.  He came over yesterday with a new looking phone. When I looked closer, I realised it was the iPhone 11, which I'm not even getting into how much it costs. I was in shock to say the least and asked why he upgraded, thinking his other phone broke or something. Nope, he just decided he wanted an upgrade. He has a perfectly working iPhone 7 and just upgraded it because he didn't like it anymore. The phone he bought cost around $1500 ($984 USD) I was too shocked to say anything, so I didn't. The more I think about it though, the angrier I'm getting.  WIBTA to confront him about his shitty money habits when we have a baby on the way? I feel like one because I know he doesnt understand the consequences but at the same time, I'm getting more and more angry about it - we need to be on the same page as each other regarding money  《UPDATE: Instead of confronting him angrily, I asked him about it nicely on a phone call and it turns out this entire post was for nothing because it turns out half of it was an early christmas present from his grandfather & the other half was from him. Even though I think the whole idea behind upgrading is stupid, thank god I didn't confront him angrily because then I would have been such an asshole - regardless of the majority vote here. At least in the future I'll know jumping to conclusions is a bad idea. I do feel quite guilty about making my boyfriend out to be a drop kick when he isn't, even though I didn't mean too. I know he's just stressed with adjusting to working 40 hour weeks and the idea of having a child at such a young age - god, I'm still getting used to the whole idea myself. At least I've learned that before I make a scene in future, take some time to calm down and just ask nicely instead of going in all guns blazing, thank you for your judgements though! They're really appreciated :) 》
e81utd	So I want to preface this by saying I do love my grandma and she loves me too. In my family you need to have thick skin as we don't really express love or actually talk at all. As the youngest (I'm 20 currently) I am expected to listen to what the rest of my family says and either say nothing or agree. Example, I once got in trouble for peeling a pear over the garbage can because my uncle likes the skin even though I don't. It's just a sign of respect I suppose. Onto the main point. My grandma cares A LOT about weight. She constantly makes comments to my mom and her sister about their weight and what they eat and ever since 9th grade she's made comments towards me as well. I've always been overweight even as a kid but once I started taking my medication my weight shot up.  Now I know she probably is just concerned about my health but what she says feels like a knife in my heart. Several comments include "What are you eating now? You look like a sumo wrestler." "I wish I could move out so I don't have to look at you." They probably won't even let you on the plane. You can't even fit through the plane door." "You'd be so beautiful if you just lost weight." etc. It started to get so bad I would put off eating and hide in my room all day so she wouldn't see me with food or speed walk through the living room with my food so she couldn't say anything. I'm 5'5-5'6 and weigh 250 lbs so I understand her concern but the way she talks to me makes me sad and frustrated. I'm not allowed to say anything back as that is REALLY unacceptable in my family. At first I just stood there and took it since I was young and thought it was normal and I was just overreacting. I had very bad depression and thought I deserved to be told this. I was fat, I was ugly, and it was all my fault. I was weak for not being able to change. As I got older I began getting angry at what she would say but stay silent. The past year or two my grandma's memory has begun to go. She'll forget what she's said and say it again or forget total chunks of time in the day.   It's just recently I've really been REALLY trying to get her to stop saying these things but now I can't tell if she's still ignoring my protests or if she genuinely doesn't remember me asking her to stop. She's never once apologized for saying these things and since I'm in college in another state I don't see her anymore. However going home makes me anxious since I know the comments will start again. My family has told me to "let it go" and that "she doesn't mean it. It's just the way she is. She's just worried about you." She's told me she loves me over the phone and gives me money sometimes but I still can't forgive her. In my mind these things don't take away the hurt she's caused. I can't even look at myself in the mirror without feeling ashamed and disgusted. I avoid being in pictures because I can't stand to look at myself. Am I the asshole for not being able to move on and forgive her?
e81owm	Me, my bf and his brother share an apartment together. His brother has been going to school full time to become a nurse (he is not getting a degree just a certificate) and he is getting his pinning this Tuesday.   I REALLY do not want to go because he is a major asshole to me. He treats me badly. He calls me a bitch, retard, cookie cutter girl, and fat. He has even told me i am as significant as a lamp to him. He is just awful to me and I really don’t understand why. My bf has told him to be nicer to me but it just turns into an argument. The dude is just an asshole. He flaunts that he doesn’t have to work (bc his parents will pay for everything) and he lies about how much he studies (he just plays video games and eats out a lot, his grades aren’t very good).   Anyways my bf said I would be an asshole if I don’t come because it means a lot to him, but would I be?
e81kwj	So this involves one of my best friends, shes one of the sweetest people I know but she’s not very confrontational. She’s having to resit her first year of sixth form (she’s not dumb by any means but her family is strict and pressured her into doing subjects she didn’t like, like maths and econ)   Now, the year below us, the year 12s, (first year sixth formers) are HORRID, they are disrespectful little fuckers who made my favourite teacher cry, tried to break our vending machine and keep putting coke cans in the microwave, they are rude, stupid and shouldn’t be in our school. They lowered the grades you needed to get in bc the school was low in funds so they over-enrolled kids so there’s ALSO too many of them.  Obviously this means my friend is technically in their year, she hates them as well, she has a sociology lesson with them and they are very rude to her and never do the work.  And she recently told me someone has made a racist comment. One of these bitchy girls that will probably start on her if she said anything.  This needs to be reported, I’ve told her this, she didn’t say anything about it, I’ve said that if she doesn’t want to report it I will speak to the teacher if she wants me too and if the girls wanna come for someone they can come talk to me.  My mum on the other hand, told me I shouldn’t be getting involved and I should just leave it bc it’s not that big a deal, and then screamed at me for saying that it needed to be reported. She thinks I should just let my friend deal with it. Even thought I told her that all I planned to do was speak to the teacher after I asked permission from my friend to bring it up  I know my friend won’t do anything, she would keep letting these girls say stuff if it kept the peace and I don’t think that’s okay, even if she wasn’t my friend, the fact they would just get away with this may mean they keep doing it, and I don’t think that’s okay.   So am I the asshole for wanting to report it if its not my issue (again, with her permission)
e81kaw	For background: I have more than 20 years’ experience in vet med. I am an active recovery/rescue/foster for horses, dogs and wildlife.  My mother has always been kind of low end responsible for her horses, dogs and cats.  There have been several situations over the years where I pressured her to do the humane thing because she is emotional vs rational. Like I have literally told her that if she didn’t take action, I’d call AC. I offered to pay for what needed done and was insistent.   But last Thanksgiving it came to loggerheads. I found out that a pup she adopted the year before spends about 23 hours per day in a crate.  She never bothered to train him. He only gets out of the crate to go potty. She is typically gone  12+ hours per day caring for my nieces at my brothers’ house so the dog is just stuck. He gets virtually no exercise or stimulation.   So when I was home last year and saw this all first hand, I offered to take the dog, train it, and rehome it. She was offended and kicked me out of the house that night (I had a hotel room—I won’t stay with her). I offered several more times to take the dog before I had to head home.  After that, I told her that what she was doing was best case neglect and worst case abuse. And that if she wouldn’t change things, I didn’t want to talk to her anymore.  My Dad (they’re divorced) and my younger brothers (we are all in our 30’s or 40’s) said I was overboard but also tried to sell some options to my mom like building the dog a run in so he could at least be outside some. She still refused and I held my ground:  It’s been more than a year now and I really do want a relationship with my mom but she is a shit animal owner across the board and I just don’t feel like I can back down on this. AC won’t do anything because the animal has the basics—food, water and shelter. The bar is set pretty low by AC but that’s the law.  I’m starting to wonder if I am the asshole here. I know I treat my dogs and horses better than many because I’m educated in the veterinary field and have the resources to do it. I don’t think I’m over the top per se, but some might disagree. My family members thought I was nuts to spend 3k on my horse this summer for a treatable issue vs just putting him down. (Horse is worth 8k and I have insurance so...I wasn’t out too much). They think I was nuts for spending 10k on last dog for a surgery that gave us 10 more years together.   Anyway—I live several states away so I can’t offer to help out locally. I can take him or not.   It’s really causing some strife in our family though and it seems they all think I’m being a jerk.    So...AITA?
e81hro	Recently got into an arguement with my boyfriend over this, but I dont always tip when the terminal asks me to. For the record, I always tip when im at a sit down resturant, or when I get food delivered to me, or for other services. However, I wont tip when Im at a cafe and I get my usual order of a filtered coffee, as the barista literally just pours coffee into a cup. Or when Im at a fast food restaurant and Im immediately prompted for a tip. My reasoning is that if I paid in cash I normally wouldnt tip, and that im a broke college student. I get the whole " if you cant pay for the tip, you cant pay for the item" but the credit card terminal literally asked me how much i was going to tip when paying for a coffee at Tim Hortons, which is a bit much in my opinion. My boyfriend who always tips thinks diffrently. AITA?
e81g6z	I am a 26 year old man.  I grew up in this house, and moved out when I was 18 and went to college. Graduated when I was 22 and then moved to another city to live and work.  My parents own a small business which has been steadily increasing its profits every year.  About a year ago, my mom asked if I would be interested in moving back home, and manage the family business. She told me that they were now making more money than ever, and have had some bad luck with hiring bad managers that didn't help, but they thought that I would be the perfect person to grow the business.   I was hesitant at first, but the company I worked for at the time started laying people off, and I got the feeling I would be next on the shopping block.   About 10 months ago, I moved back into my childhood home and began running the business pretty much single handedly.  Things have been going great, I have hired a few people, profits are increasing, and business is booming.  The problem arises at home.  Having been out of the house from 18-25, I developed an appreciation for my own privacy and personal space.  I'm a pretty clean and organized person for a 26 year old male, and when I lived alone, girls who I invited over would always remark about how orderly my room and house was, as most young men are slobs.  Even still, there are days where I don't make the bed, laundry ends up on the floo4 instead of the hamper, etc..  Whenever my mom cleans the house if I'm not home, she also cleans my room. If she is vacuuming the hall, she will go in my room and also vacuum in there, change my sheets, do my laundry, basically clean up whatever mess I made.   I find this to be extremely emasculating and infantilizing, as a grown man should be able to clean up after himself without mommy.  I have asked her not to do my laundry or make my bed, but she says she "just wants to help," then tells me I'm an ingrate, or that "it's my house I can do what I want in it"  I want to tell her just to stay out of my room entirely. There is nothing in there that she needs or wants, so there is no reason to enter at all, especially if I'm not there.    Important to note that we an immigrant family from a culture where it is normal for multiple generations of family to live together. They were livid i decided to move out before getting married, and they would never ask for, or even accept money for rent.    WIBTA if I told my mom not to enter my room under any circumstances if I'm not there?
e81fnk	UberEats in my area had a "buy one, get one free" promo going on.   Seeing this, I ordered food from a fancy place. My total came up to roughly 30 USD. I have to mention here that I am a student with an extremely limited budget, and only reason I ordered something this expensive was because I assumed I would receive 2 meals, and this could last me for a while.  My order arrived but it only came with one portion, instead of the 2 that I had paid for. I immediately complained to customer care asking them to deliver the second item or to refund half the amount I paid. The executive refused to do either, and only provided me with a 5 USD voucher for my next order.  I was extremely pissed off and went on a rant on the company's Twitter page, after which they agreed to refund my amount back to me.  I discussed this with my boyfriend, and he thinks I was being an AH and a Karen.   So Reddit, AITA?
e81dwr	For context, there was a group of us taking a lunch break. My coworker (M) kept talking about how much she hated her job, and that she really just wanted to quit. I asked why she didn’t quit, since her parents literally pay for everything. She said she probably wouldn’t find a place that would pay her as much as she’s getting here.    This already confused me because while our job started at a pretty decent wage, it’s still wasn’t *great.* She could easily find another place that starts about the same price.    So then we started talking about our incomes. Yeah, I know, never talk about wages with coworkers because someone’s gonna get riled up, but in my defense I didn’t ask. When it got to her, she nonchalantly threw out a number that was $3 more than mine. I was dumbfounded. I asked her how she managed to get that high, especially since this is her first job, and she’s only *17.* Granted, I’m 18, but I’ve been working there for 3 years, I’ve never missed a shift, rarely been late, I come in when I’m called in etc.    We get raises every 6 months, and mines been raised by about 30 cents each time (give or take).  Most of my managers are really great, I have no complaints about the place, but this just really bugs me. I talked to my boyfriend about it, and he just said it isn’t really my place to be upset or have an opinion on *her* income, which I somewhat agree with, but still. This big a wage difference between employees, especially given the difference in experience, just doesn’t seem right. AITA?  Edit- forgot to include  1. She’s been there 8 months (give or take) 2. Her moms one of our managers, if it holds any importance. 3. I’m not angry at my coworker, I’m angry at the situation and the very noticeable difference in wages.
e81due	Long story short. My cousin asked me for a computer to play fortnite, so i found one for $150 (i3-2120, GT 730, 4gb ram and a 19 screen), i told his parents about the price and they agreed, all he had to do is get a keyboard but he wanted a gaming one, the price was $70 and the mouse $50, his parents went nuts and told me to get a cheaper one, my cousin throw a tantrum and even told my mom today to get it for him since he was "entitled to it because his birthday was in a few days".  I don't know what's his problem just because his parents and i told him no, by the way, his birthday is in 4 days, and i feel bad for him in a strange way, he's 10 years old.  My university admission test is like 9 weeks away and i am kinda busy to think about it. So AITA?
e81act	I recently caught my girlfriend cheating. Part of it involved me seeing their text messages. He was well aware of our relationship. Not that it matters, but out of our 12 month relationship they were hooking up for 11 months.  One of the screenshots shared some sensitive work information. I forwarded it to his boss and it seems it got him fired. This wasn't some master plan. I woke up this morning and the idea just came to me.  My email was just a "look at this." And they made their own decision. In the end, he was sharing information he was not supposed too.   Half my friends said I was being petty and I shouldn't have done it. The others said he had it coming.  Edit: It was patient (healthcare) related information. Edit2; I am not sure if I can add this but something happened to me today that kind of cleared things up for me. I got a flat tire. A total stranger helped me. He had no responsibility to help me, but he did anyway. Up to know, I partially felt my EX-gf's lover had no responsibility towards me. But I think he does have a responsibly to the greater good of "Don't be a dick". He was a dick.
e81711	This is my first time posting, so please excuse any bad formatting and bad summarizing.  I (18F) has exam week coming up in my college. I have been staying at my grandmother's house for the weekend so I could study in peace, away from my little sisters (14F and 12F).  My mother (44F) was over yesterday and we were discussing my exams and at the end, I thought that she said that I could stay here until Monday, as long as I study at the table and let my grandmother help me. Especially since I do not have an exam until Tuesday. Apparently that is not what she said/remembers.      Fast forward to today, about an hour ago, I got an angry phone call from her.  I was supposed to be home today and study with her. My grandmother heard, because I put my mother on speaker, I was studying at the time and couldn't hold the phone to my head and write at the same time. My grandmother seemed appalled that my mother seems to not trust her to make sure I study and believes my mother gave me permission to stay here. Now my mother is mad at me, and my grandmother wants to get my aunt and overall cause more trouble for me. So AITA, I honestly thought she gave me permission to stay there.
e813rp	My wife travels a lot. Pay and benefits are great and I usually don’t mind being at home with young son and all the responsibilities. This time she shouts off on a bonus vacation to a tropical location. Blows my 50th birthday weekend off and doesn’t even ask about how I feel about the trip. She can’t understand why I’m pushed. Two weeks before Christmas, ruins my birthday plans, and left us to have fun. I said she’s being selfish. She says we can have fun and do something fun for her birthday. Am I the asshole?
e812ba	So my girlfriend currently has no car and I have offered to let her use my hatchback as her daily driver. She however wishes to use my 4x4 which I have recently put a lot of time and money into restoring. I have no problem with her using the 4x4 ocationally but would not be comfortable with her using it daily. She also travels further to work than I do therefore it would be cheaper in fuel for her to use the hatchback. I didn't think she would have a problem with it however I have been standing my ground and she is now very upset I won't let her use the 4x4.  Would love to hear your thoughts, many thanks  Edit: Thank you all for clarifying, hopefully she will realise it's not that big of a deal.
e810ri	My fiancé and I live in a three bedroom apartment with two other roommates.   This incident is my final straw in an ongoing saga of both my roommates being generally unclean.  I was putting away dishes this morning and discovered the non stick coating on the bottom of both of my pans is shedding off. These were semi expensive pans and only a few years old. I know they're shedding off because one of my roommates (James for the sake of clarity) washed them with steel wool. They're not safe to cook with anymore at this point and I need to throw them away.  I know James did it. I watched James cook with them a few days ago (and then leave them dirty on the stove for almost 2 days before cleaning them). I asked James about the pans and he denied being the one to ruin them. James claimed he never used them recently and wouldn't have ever used steel wool to clean them. He also then tried to claim that he thought the pans were his, so why did it matter anyway?  This is just my last straw now. Both roommates regularly leave dishes out for days before cleaning them. Small things end up broken that I only find about because I find the pieces in the trash. And now my nonstick pans are ruined and I'm being lied to about it. I just want to pack up all of our things, lock them away, and tell them they aren't allowed to use them anymore.   Here's the part where I might be the asshole though. My fiancé and I own almost everything in the kitchen. Literally every appliance, all the glassware, almost all of the pots and pans, and most of the plates and bowls. If we were to take away everything that would leave our roommates with 1 pan, 1 pot, 3 plates, 3 bowls, some mugs, and a handful of silverware. While I definitely have my issues with our other roommate being messy, James is the one who ruined my pans, not him. I'm just so fed up and done with my things being mistreated. WIBTA if I packed everything away and didn't allow them to use it anymore?
e810l3	AITA If I kept a gift to an ex?  I just had a messy breakup. Very toxic thing- but I ended after he cheated   I’ve never had a bad bread up before, and this is all new to me. I tried being friends after, but he went through days of being nice, then blew up my phone (and friends phones) with crazy nonsense. (He told people he was worried I gave him AIDS and was screenshotting messages from 2017 saying I was into him and so). He’s not mentally well and I tried to get him help (found him a therapist and everything) but this was too much  After repeatedly asking him to stop or ignoring him, I had no choice to block him on everything and, admittedly, I’m a bit bitter about how he treated me upon the breakup by harassing my friends. We were only together 6 months officially   With a friend, I brought over all of his stuff I remembered(two huge shopping bags). I let him know when I’d be there, we had an agreed upon time, and he flipped out when he saw I brought a friend.   NONE of My stuff was packed, even though I asked for it and he was expecting me   I left a bunch of clothes, games, chargers, and stuff. I ended up grabbing one expensive thing game and ditched the rest, because he was shouting at me and I just wanted to leave. Nothing was worth it.   He ended up writing my roommate to send him an inventory on stuff that wasn’t there. It was really petty little things and some weird ones. (he got my lingerie as a gift and requested it to my roommate,) along with a few other things like knock-off Tupperware, a bowl, aplastic spatula (he gave my roommate), and things like that I genuinely forgot I had).  One thing is that I got him a thank you gift, but forgot it was his because it never left my apartment. It’s just a card game, but it’s one he ended up hating but my roommates and I play all the time. It is not something I can get online easily or anything (Indie) but it was like $5  My roommate let him know he is not allowed in the apartment. He will get the stuff walked down to him by someone not me. He also had to bring my stuff   He showed up 3 hours early, which kind of felt like he knew I wasn’t prepared to leave (I have a consistent schedule and the planned time was when I have a weekly meeting). Not realizing it was him, my roommate checked the door (I live at the top floor) and saw it was him, and he was trying to come in anyways   He also didn’t bring ANY of my stuff.  It’s obvious where it is and I even saw stuff lying there when I went to his apartment, just didn’t want to be bothered with making the trip quick. And I am a little weirded out that he kept so many of my clothes   I kept the card game. It was out of spite, so my intentions aren’t great and I know that. He’s moving across the country in a few days so I won’t have to interact with him ever again   But was it justified spiteful ness or does that make me the asshole?
e81055	I financed a car back in 2014 when I had a steady income. Absolute beauty of a car, 2014 Chevrolet Impala, silver, looks brand new. However, I had to drop out of college for severe mental issues. In turn I lost the $1800 stipend I used to get from my scholarship. As a result, I could no longer afford to pay the monthly car payment. It's been another ~2 years and I'm trying to get my scholarship back and go back to school because my mental issues have gotten better and I would also like to pay for my car.  About 4 months ago my brother got a job. He doesn't have a car so I let him use mine in the meanwhile. He's been using it for a while but when I ask him for it on the days I have appointments, he makes up excuses as to why he needs it more than I do, like for example how my grandma's van wastes more gas (which it doesn't, I've checked). We got into multiple fights and during one of those fights he claimed that since my "bum ass" can't pay for the car anymore, it's no longer my car but the "family car" instead. I thought that was complete and utter bullshit because at first he said it was "mom's car" because she was paying for it. Then my mom took my side and he switched excuses. He refuses to give it back to me and always fights with me and my mom over it. I've gotten advice from my therapist and cousins to just call the police since the car is my name and they'll return the keys to me.   I've tried my hardest to rationalize and be civil with this guy but he doesn't want to admit that he just wants my car because he loves it and would rather be driving it than his girlfriends compact or my grandmas van. I also pay around 100 bucks every month towards the car from the scraps I make. I honestly don't know what to do at this point.
e80s8e	So this whole thing started yesterday with me going to my kitchen to get something to eat while studying for finals. For context, I am 17. My mom is also in the kitchen in which she proceeds to ask me what time I would like to go to the Christmas service with her. My sister was also there, who is also a staunch Christian. Both of them already know I am an atheist who hates the church they want to attend. I tell her that I won’t be attending because I don’t believe in it (again, nothing new). She begins to get into a screaming match where she says I can’t refuse because I am a minor, and I have no say in the matter. My sister is acting kind of like the mediator in all this and she says I should attend because I am hurting my mom’s feelings. AITA in this situation and should I go?
e80r4y	So my daughter was born 2 years ago, I had a very good pregnancy but develop gestational diabetes at 32 weeks (due to me being overweight I was checking my sugar levels every other day). Due to this my OBGYN schedule a cesarean I didn’t have any issues with this I just wanted my baby to be born safely. So before going in to the hospital I talked with my husband that if something where to happened and he needed to choose between myself and our baby to please choose me. He got quiet but said that he agreed and that please let me mother know about what we talked.  Everything went according to plan and both of us where completely fine.  Now fast forward to now trying for number two and in a Christmas party with my girlfriends the topic was brought up about babys. There’s another friend that is also trying so the topic of conversation was on that for a good hour.  When my friend ask me that if I was ready for another 9 months of pregnancy and how I felt. I answer truthfully cause honestly I was just letting all the fears and doubts go.  I said that I do want another baby and that pregnancy doesn’t scare me such as giving birth again. I said that I straight told my husband again that I’m scared that something may happened to me during the birth and in the hopes of giving my daughter a sibling I could leave her without a mother. That the original agreement stands that he needs to choose me if that’s the case.  My friends where disgusted with my thinking and said that i was an asshole to my husband in asking him to basically kill his baby (those where the exact words), that I was a very negative person and that I needed to rethink my thoughts. I’m a person that likes to be prepared for the worse case scenario and hope for the best. I didn’t want my husband to be blindsided with who to choose and to have the answer on the spot. Nobody likes to think in what could go wrong specially in a pregnancy but I need to think every possible case that we could encounter.   So Reddit AITA!?  Edit: so this blew up, just to clarify some points  1-English is not my first language   2-I say Christmas party but this was at a friends house every year we ( work friends, 8 people) meet to celebrate the end of the year we talk about everything. I have yet to talk to them since this happened I didn’t want to create a scene. It did affect me that they think I’m such a negative person but I will talk with them.  3- yes I’m overweight and I had an almost perfect pregnancy.  People telling me to loose some weight before having another baby, thank you! I didn’t though of that before how enlightening! Also why do people want to know how much I weight? If you don’t know GD can affect any woman that is not overweight yes you have a better chance to have it but not only overweight woman develop it.  4- yes I know this scenario is not a likely one anymore due to the advances in medicine, but giving birth is a serious things, so many things can go wrong in an instant an I wanted to be prepared for it.  5- my thinking was, if something happened to us (me and baby) and my husband had to choose, either way his decision will be judge by my family.  What if I died and he had to tell my parents sorry but I choose  the baby.  That’s why he asked me to tell my mom of what we had agree to. When the conversation was brought up my husband said he thought the same thing, he asked himself what would he do in that case and said that he was feeling awful cause he knew he wanted to save me but didn’t know how to tell me.   So my husband wasn’t force or I made the decision for him. Also we did talked about if I end up in a ventilator or coma or anything like that I left instructions.  6- this is not a pro-life click bait or anything related to that.  7- people don’t like to think about the bad stuff during pregnancy but the risks for the mother are massive, your body goes under so much. It also takes a mental toll on you.   8- also people that are saying that if I’m not prepared to die for my baby I shouldn’t be a mother are TA.    9- just some facts for you  According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 700 women die in childbirth every year, and over 50,000 more nearly die, experiencing “severe maternal morbidity,” most often due to complications from severe bleeding.   Thank you reddit!
e80q4q	Hey y’all. I work for a small novelty hotel (20-25 staff members) as a housekeeper/groundskeeper. I recently got a new job and put my two weeks notice in, which is mostly unrelated to this, but has given me kind of a “don’t give a fuck” attitude. There are two housekeepers, myself and someone we’ll call HK for anonymity purposes. HK has been with this company for almost 30 years, much longer than anyone else who is employed here. She also gets treated like shit by almost every employee here on a regular basis due to the fact that we’re housekeepers. I heard through the grape vine that our boss is attempting to hire a management company for the lodging part of our company, meaning this company would 100% handle booking the rooms and their maintenance. My boss assured me that our jobs are not in jeopardy when I brought concerns to him about the management company’s private staffing. At the same time, another one of the administrators here has been talking about the likelihood of the elimination of our entire Guest Services department, in lieu of the management company’s own replacements. HK will likely be losing the only job she has had for 30 years with no retirement benefits and no pension. She had no idea this was all happening behind the scenes. Today, our boss came and talked to us and privately reassured her she wouldn’t lose her job, even though she had never mentioned anything (due to her not knowing) (it was completely out of the blue) and HK later came to me asking if I think she should be worried. I didn’t want to lie, so I told her what I had heard and that I thought he was being deceitful and she got very upset and started crying. I told her she should get his promise to allow her to keep her job, regardless of the new company’s wishes, in writing. This doesn’t really affect me, which is why I have been deemed TA and accused of starting drama by a few coworkers and friends. However, our boss has a history of lying and I am not planning on sitting idly by while he does it again.  So, am I causing workplace drama or was I helping? Thanks in advance.
e80mw0	I (23f) bought my mom an Echo Dot for Christmas. She’s wanted one for months but has held off so I got it for her the other day. It came in the mail fine and well but i started having anxiety about something.   My cousin (24m) is a bit of an asshole. We are due to have him and family over for Christmas dinner. That means presents as well. Now its not normally a big deal, but he can be very self centered and very jealous. Especially if something is value related/technology related. Every time i get a new phone, he wants a new phone. I get a new game, he wants to play/wants a new game. I get a console, he wants a console.   Problem is, I buy these things with my own money. I have a job and I go to school, I treat myself sometimes. Granted, he does have mental health problems, but he doesn’t work, didn’t finish high school, doesn’t go to school for his GED, etc. His MOM pays for everything for him. Things are getting tense between them because of his attitude.   Here’s where I’m anxious: My mom knows i bought her the Echo. We had a convo about it to see if she would really use it. She knows I just got it in the mail and shes very excited. BUT, I’m nervous that if she opens it he’ll start up about all the things HE wants and annoy/anger his mother, and thereby Grandmother, and thereby my mom, and then we’ll just have an unhappy Christmas. WIBTA if I keep the gift from her until after Christmas??  TLDR; Got mom a gift she really wanted and she knows about, cousin is jealous of everything, I want to keep the gift until after family Christmas dinner, WIBTA?  EDIT: Quick decision, I feel kinda dumb for not thinking about it.. but, I’ll give her the gift in private and explain my reasoning. Heck, she might not even notice in the festivities.
e80mk4	I just went into the bathroom and lockes the door when my mother knocked on the door an told me to open the door so she could put away the VC. I told her no I just went in and she will have to wait. Then I heard her say "connard" (asshole) under her breath and going into another room slamming the door.  I never heard her insult me and this was a rather strong one especially coming from my mother.
e80lwg	I'm considering no longer having anything to do with my mother's parents, meaning skipping holidays/visits the rest of the family still attend.  Background: I never had the best experience growing up with my grandparents. They always seemed to favor my cousins and mom's two sisters over us. My grandmother also beat my mom while she was growing up, one time throwing her down a flight of stairs, breaking her arm.  My BIL recently learned of this and chose to cut off contact with them because of their prior treatment of my mom and more recent treatment of me. He's asked me why I continue to visit them when, as he says, they don't respect me.  The treatment my BIL is referring to is about the fact that I'm gay. I married my husband four years ago and of everyone invited, including my husband's VERY Catholic family, my grandparents are the only ones who refused to come. They wouldn't talk to me about it, but they told my mom they couldn't bear to attend something they couldn't agree with.  I was hurt, but honestly not very surprised. My husband and I have visited them multiple times over the years, mostly for holidays, and I no longer feel welcome when I'm with them. My grandpa tries to make small talk with my husband, and I really think he's fine with everything, but my grandma never even acknowledges him.  A couple years ago she was taking photos of the grandchildren and in-laws. She skipped over me and my husband, which my mom called her out on. My grandma reluctantly took our picture, but we suspect she immediately deleted the pictures since she fiddled with her camera for a good deal after and no one has seen the photos.  My great grandma and some extended family visited recently, and my husband tagged along to my grandparents to meet them. I introduced him as my husband, and we all got along fine. A bit later some more extended family showed up and before I could introduce myself or my husband my grandma introduced me as her grandson and my husband as my friend. I was so shocked by this I didn't correct her and instead shared a look with my husband and sister. We ended up leaving about ten minutes later.  There have been other instances like these, but those two experiences are my main reason for wanting to cut off contact. WIBTA for cutting off contact with my grandma? My mother knows how I feel and says she's passed my grievances on, but I can't be certain since nothing has changed. I fear this would mean no longer being able to visit my aunt or cousins, at least for holidays, since everyone always gets together there.
e80jny	Just for reference I'm 20(f) I  haven't lived with my parents since I was 16(still have a relationship with them)my little sister (10) is still with them.  Before I get on with the post i want to say I don't think they are bad people just troubled,I love them dearly but my main concern is my little sister,  my parents are/were addicts all through my childhood they were heavy drug users everything from crack and heroin to painkillers as a kid it had a huge effect on my mental health with all the stuff I saw and experienced especially considering the company they kept at the time and having to keep all of the secrets,  I did leave a couple of times and ended up back with them they have been  fully clean in the past for short amounts of time that's how they got me back , they were never physically abusive and I was always fed etc however it had such a big impact on me it caused alot of problems that lasted years(I'm in a healthy place now) so I am fully aware of how this effects a kid that's why I'm so reluctant to accept this happening with my little sister,  in the past I have tried talking with them offering any support I can ,recommending counsellors etc but all I get back is"i'm not taking advice from my daughter , I'm the parent " well yesterday I took my sister out for a few hours and then my parents said they needed to pop out so I watched her for a few  more hours,  when they got back I heard them talking about the pills they had gotten and even seen the strip since my words and efforts in the past have been hopeless I got someone I trust to call in anonymously to social services in the hope they can offer some support and hopefully make them realise how serious this is and get clean for my sisters sake. I now feel absolutely awful I feel like I have betrayed my parents and the guilt is heavy. I just don't want my sister to be stuck in that cycle I don't want her to have to experience those things , I did this out of love but i still feel like I've done something wrong.   I know addiction is serious and that there is deeper reasons to them using I don't judge them for it however I am frustrated as I think my sister deserves a healthy home environment.   AITA?
e80hcj	Heads up sorry for the lengthy post!  So to give some context here, my sister and I have been best friends since we got out of high school. Two years ago, she started to date a guy who I thought was okay, until we moved into the same apartment together, and I realized he was an abusive asshole. In the two years things have gotten much worse. If I tried to defend her, they would both attack me, and I couldn’t sit and listen to her get screamed at so I moved out.   I have tried to be there for her since then so she had at least one person on her side, but she started treating me pretty awfully. They blow through money quickly and he can’t hold down a job, so I’ve loaned her around 10k to help. At this point Im sure I wont be getting that back. Id be frustrated but okay with this as it was my decision to help, but I’ve heard from multiple mutual friends that she has been blaming their financial struggle on me taking advantage of them and stealing money. She also actively discouraged friends who were planning to move in with me, saying I would steal money from them. She will ask me to go out of my way to do things, and if I end up saying no, I receive lengthy texts telling me I am selfish and uncaring, and essentially a terrible sister.   Douche canoe had a child with a previous fiancé, who filed a restraining order for child neglect and abuse, then disappeared. My sister is fully aware of this, yet got pregnant on purpose and just had a son with him in September. I helped her paint and set up her nursery since he wouldn’t, and a week later she is texting me telling me off for not being willing to do more.  So as a result of this and more things that would take forever to write out, Ive chosen to slowly distance myself since August, and haven’t seen her in about a month. This came to a head last night at 2am when she text me asking why I haven’t checked up with her in awhile, that I dont love her and my nephew, and saying she’s planning on disappearing since no one in our family seems to care. I was so tired and upset, that I finally just blew up and told her that Im not taking the way she treats me anymore, and that this is the last she will be hearing from me. She blocked me on everything after that.  I was so confident in the moment, but now after a full sleepless night of anxiety, Im worried I was two harsh. As much as I hate the way she treats me and seeing her ruin her and potentially my nephews life, she’s still my sister and I still love her and want whats best for her. AITA for telling her Im done? And for leaving her and her son alone with this piece of garbage guy?  Thanks in advance for any feedback and sorry for any typos.
e80eto	So I just purchased my first house this past July and had a major nightmare with the previous owners and their solicitors being incompetent, but let that all slide after the sale was completed. I started getting the odd piece of mail addressed to them which I said to them I would redirect myself; bearing in mind they apparently already applied to Royal Mail to have their post redirected.   Fast forward to now and I'm getting piles of post almost daily for them that I'm getting sick of going out of my way to sort out for them. The husband also has a business so I'm getting tons of legal letters, bank letters, bills, stuff from HMRC etc. that, imo, a business owner should have sorted out in preparation for changing their address.   I didn't mind too much but recently I went through this whole debacle where they neglected to tell me (or even put in the mortgage paperwork) that there's a prepaid gas meter which left me owing money to British Gas and with no heating or hot water. Mains gas wasn't mentioned in the paperwork and the shower and cooker ran off electricity, as well as the property having electric radiators, so I was under the impression the house is fully electric. Bearing in mind I'm 22 and this is my first purchase and I don't know shit about this stuff above what people tell me.  I know by just throwing away their legal/HMRC/bank letters I could land them in hot water, but they fucked me over more than they know by leaving out a very important piece of information regarding the property. AND a business owner should know to keep their address updated so stuff like this, or worse, doesn't happen.  I've started getting irritated taking time out of my day to send their letters so AITA?
e80en1	As the title says, I [25F], was spending time with my partner [33M]. I got to his house around 9pm Saturday night, we watched a few episodes of Always Sunny and passed out, so we didn’t really do all that much together, which is usually fine with me up until this happened.   The next morning we did the sex thing then took a quick, but nice shower together and went to continue catching up on the new season of Always Sunny.   My partner proceeds to put an episode on, and then stares at his phone, typing away furiously for about 5 minutes. I asked in a joking manner, “are you typing a novel over there? you’re being kind of rude” No response, continues typing for another TEN minutes, not responding to any attempts I make at talking to him. (It wasn’t anything important either, he was talking in his friend group chat on Instagram where they just send memes back and forth to each other.) Thinking my harmless comment pissed him off in some way, I asked him if he was mad. No response.   So I took that as he was mad, and figured even if he wasn’t, I was tired of sitting there being ignored. So I put my shoes and jacket on and got ready to leave, and that’s when he finally puts his phone down and says in a pissy tone, “oh so you’re leaving now drama queen?” I explained I was tired of sitting there being ignored, explained that I tried to tell him it was rude and upsetting to me and he blew up on me. I asked him how he would feel if it was the other way around, to which he replied he wouldn’t care, even though there have been times in the past where he’s made the same “typing a novel” comment to me, and I didn’t flip out, I laughed, said sorry, and put my phone down.   He tells me it’s not a big deal, I’m overreacting, it’s his house, we just spent “all night together” (which was only about an hour and a half before we both fell asleep), he doesn’t have to constantly be giving me attention (which I don’t ask for, but if someone tells you something you’re doing is coming off rude, you usually apologize and stop, correct?)   I ended up being the one to apologize because I truly hate conflict and can’t stand having anyone be mad at me. He accepted it and went right back to looking at his phone. So with that, I said I was leaving, he said “alright” and made no effort to walk me out or even kiss me goodbye until I hinted at him with a “are ya serious” kind of look. He walks me down the stairs and out the door and barely even gave me a hug.   Maybe I did overreact, maybe I didn’t, please tell me, AITA?
e80eed	 Little background info: I live split between two houses, in a week by week schedule. I live part time with my mom, stepdad, and little sister, and other with my father and his girlfriend. Ill be referring to dad as (D), girlfriend as (G) and me as (M). lets get to it, shall we?  last christmas i got an iPhone X, and i was planning on holding my old iPhone 6 for a friend, or to sell it. so i keep it in my room in my desk. two days after christmas, G asks me if she can use my old phone to quickly log in to her apple ID for her daughter. i say sure, but that she needs to return it to my desk shortly after. i check the desk about a week later and cant find the phone, and my guess is that i left it at the other house. no big deal. two months pass by, and i completely forget about the situation. we are driving to Kohls to do something, and i see her daughter (9) in the front seat with MY iphone 6. i can tell its mine by a crack in the screen and the back of the phone was a bit bent.   i ask her if that was my phone, and why does she have it, then G says that she took it a while back because i didn't need it anymore. i'm taken aback by the fact that she would just take my old phone without permission. i decide not to start an argument in the car, but when we got home i tell my dad about it. he for some reason AGREES with her and mentions everything shes done in the past for me.   i've held it as a grudge ever since, but i asked her to give me 120 dollars for it, which she did. its been almost a year now, and we're all fine. just still wondering if i overreacted.
e80dur	I live in a snowy area. From Nov 1 to April 30, my street has even/odd parking rules (even days you can park on one side, odd days the other). This is to allow the city plows to A) fit down our narrow street which they typically cannot if cars are on both sides and B) allow the plows to clear all the way to the curb both ways within 24 hours of a snow event.  A lot of the homes on my street are rentals inhabited by students so maybe they just don’t know or don’t see the signs.  As such,  I posted on my neighborhood FB asking how others help inform neighbors. I don’t want to be an asshole and call the police (though it’s an option and they will come through and ticket). But I also don’t really know which cars belong to whom and don’t want to go door knocking all over as I’m currently on crutches.  During the last snow event a week ago, the parking created an issue for me personally. The snow was so deep at the foot of my drive due to lack of plowing  because cars were parked either side of my drive for several days in a row that I had to street park and hobble (on crutches) through the snow and up my steep drive.  We don’t have any snow right now, but people aren’t respecting the rule so I thought maybe I could preemptively address the issue as we have more snow in the forecast.  Most of my neighbors on the page had solid suggestions and we are putting a reminder in this month’s newsletter. But a couple called me an asshole because “there isn’t even any snow” and “don’t you have something better to worry about?”  AITA for wanting people to follow the rule? For asking for ideas not involving police? The same vehicles who didn’t follow the rule last event are the ones not following now.    I’m going to be on crutches for probably another 8 weeks and I’d really like to be able to get onto my driveway vs risking a fall because the plows can’t do their job. But I also am not trying to be a “get off my lawn” grump and I was legit surprised at some of those responses.  I’m trying to decide if I should apologize/explain  or if I really am an asshole!
e80dg4	A lit bit of background on this. So I'm 18f, I have a little brother who is 15. We both live with our mom. But about a year or so my mom got a new boyfriend after being on a relationship with his ex for almost 13 years (it was like a father to us and then he disappeared). This new boyfriend has 2 kids. One is 12f and the other one 16m.  He has a lot of money. A ridiculously amount of money. Both his kids are the most spoiled brats I've ever seen. Both my brother and I grew in a modest house, we had to live with our grandpa sometimes because we couldn't afford warm water and that stuff. And I think this is important because my mom tries to put herself to his level, even tho we obviously can't. For my last birthday (September) , when I became 18, my mom gifted me a bottle of cheap wine. In November my step "sister" became 12, my mom gifted her an smart watch.  Now, this might sound like I'm only jealous. Well heck no. When his boyfriend is around, both my mom and him make fun of me and my boyfriend. I gained some weight since I started college. I've always been self confident and my mom knows it, I'm dealing with depression, I've been bulimic... Well, his boyfriend won't stop mentioning how much weight I gained. My mom won't say anything. Just stare or laugh if he said it in a "funny way". They laugh at my boyfriend and call him "a fagot" for being soft and lovely, yet not very masculine, but I love him this way.  Every time I do something "wrong" I get seriously yelled at, so does my brother. But when one of his kids messes up, they just laugh at it and let it be. This summer, he paid for a week on the beach for the 6 of us. I didn't enjoy it at all. I had to take care of my stepsis while my step and real bro went out and they stayed alone in the apartment. I couldn't do shit.  My mom wants us to go on vacation with them, to their house in Barcelona for a week. This week is Christmas week. So I won't see my grandpa, aunt or uncles, cousin or my boyfriend in Christmas. I want to be nice and not disappoint them, but I don't fucking want to pass a horrible Christmas week without my family.  EDIT: my mom really wants me to go with them on vacation
e80clz	I(19f) live in a smallish town with a well-known christmas market, people from hours away come to our town to visit the market. During the two weeks per year the market is open our town basically a mess, busses are crowded and taxis are hard to get (uber is NOT avaiable in Germany).  A friend of mine celebrated his birthday yesterday, coincidentally that's when the christmas market takes place, too. Me and two other friends knew getting home wasn't going to be easy so we decided to call the cab on Saturday afternoon to drive us home Saturday night after the party. I called the taxi company and agreed that the driver would pick us up at 1:00am at the birthday boys house. I confirmed adress and time to make sure they understood me correct.  At 0.55am we were standing in front of the house waiting for the taxi. Nobody came. At 1.10am my friends urge me to call the taxi company but i refuse since it the driver had been only ten minutes late and in the busy christmas market time i knew that things can get stressful for taxi drivers. I promised my friends to call the taxi company at 1.15 if the taxi didn't arrive by then.  At 1.15 it started to rain. We went inside to grab some umbrellas, we were in and out in under a minute. Since it was 1.15am i called the taxi company. On the phone the manager told me that apparently the taxi driver did arrive at the house but since he didnt see anybody standing in front of the house he turned around to drive back.  I asked the guy what we should do now since we have no other way of getting home. The manager, pissed at the point, told me to wait and see whether the taxi driver would be able to turn around to pick us up, then hung up.  So we waited. The birthday boy lives in a very small village with basically only one road, he lives on the end of said road. Standing in front of his house you could see to the end of the village from where the taxi would arrive (fastest way from town in which the taxi company has its office). After 15 minutes we see a car driving down said street. In the middle of that street the car stopped and started to turn around. While it was turning around i could see the taxi logo and the side of the car and just started running.  The car finished turning around and proceeded to drive the street down, away from the house we were waiting in front of. I started chasing the car down, luckily the driver must've seen me in the mirror because he stopped. He opened the door and was super pissed. Me and my friends got into the taxi and i asked the driver whether he didnt know the right adress because he stopped far away from the actual adress. He just answered that he did have the correct adress.  We paid the bill but didnt leave a tip. Plus, i wrote a negativ review on the taxi company telling the story i just told you and giving them 1 out of 5 stars, all i have to do now is click post but im not sure about that.  So reddit, AITA for not tipping the taxi driver and wanting to leave a bad review?
e80boq	So I’m going to need all due haste today reddit, as I’m in crunch time for finishing someone’s paper, but I’m unsure if I’m being used or if I’m just trying to find a way out of a promise by thinking like that?   Last night, around 1, I matched with a 21yo single mom and sent her a light hearted message responding to her bio, which seemed pretty normal and just looking to meet new friends, but got a response saying that she was breaking down after dealing with her car getting totaled and having a 4 page essay due for class tomorrow that she was already on her last extension for. She asked for my help in writing this essay and sends me the prompt, so I asked if she wanted to meet at a Starbucks or something to work on it together, but she said she’s going to be busy all day today going with her family out of town for something unclear.   So I agreed to work on it all today since I’ll be off and send her whatever work I get done in updates so that hopefully by tomorrow morning she’ll just have to do some light editing before turning the assignment in. I’ve been wanting to do something more meaningfully helpful with my time recently anyhow and saw this as an opportunity to help someone out who could actually use the break.   Since waking up today though it’s been in the back of my head that maybe this girl just made up the account to sucker a square like me into writing her paper for her, but have been immediately shoving that thought down since I didn’t want to use it as a lazy excuse for not following through on my promise to help this girl.   So I’ve been getting the reading done to get familiar with the prompt and started brainstorming an outline in my head for the essay when I happened to recheck tinder out of habit and notice that she had actually disappeared from my messages at some point today, either from unmatching or deleting her tinder I suppose. (Been texting each other over phone during the day today) So I asked her what was up with that and she told me not to worry, she hadn’t been on tinder today, and maybe they deleted it cause she actually had two accounts going.   Honestly, while writing an essay for a girl sounds like a great way to walk into a first date for me, I really do view this as an opportunity to do some good with my time and make an effort to help a stranger in need, regardless of whether she will meet me afterwards or not. However, even if it’s only going to take me like 4 hours, I don’t want to just be getting played by a girl who’s being deceitful in order to get out of writing it herself.   Am I the asshole for coming to you guys, or should I be concerned?  UPDATE: I’m telling her I can’t do the paper and that I hope things work out for her before blocking the number. I appreciate the outside perspective and will funnel this desire to do some good somewhere more sensible. Although if what she told me was true about the jam she’s in and if the professor does turn out to be less forgiving (because those kind also exist) I’d still feel bad for not assisting someone in need. Regardless though I think what you guys have said is probably the wiser take on the situation and I’ll be following your advice.
e80b7d	Me my best freind and my bully was put in a project to write a essay so we all agreed to call but at the start the bully left cause 'his phone died' and he never came back.  Me and my freind finished the essay and he asked us to send a copy so we both said no and he claimed he saw his mother in hospital after she went through a Sergey (which I knew about buy he might be lying here). So I don't know if I should feel bad and that was the actual reason he weren't on the call
e809su	Hi everyone. So, I (18F) am a mostly closeted lesbian (I’ve told three people). My mom and brother have said some pretty homophobic things over the years- my brother uses slurs and my mother thinks it’s unnatural and doesn’t want there to be LGBT characters on TV because she doesn’t want to “look at it”. I have told the few friends who know about my being a lesbian about these views and slurs. I’ve even complained about it. AITA for spilling my mom and brother’s controversial opinions to outsiders?
e809gz	The manager who was supposed to open was sick and the owner seemed like she wasn’t in a great mood so I tried to just go about my business, cleaning, restocking, etc. She’s not a very friendly person and frankly she scares me a little bit and has gotten mad at me in the past for things I didn’t know about. For example, a few weeks ago I came in and it was busy and my manager told me there were a lot of dishes in the back and asked me to take some pans to the back sink to soak. I go in the back and the owner is there and I filled the sink and put soap in the pans and as I was leaving the owner said to me, “Mersketit, never come back here when I’m working. You’re in the way.” I know I get upset easily so I went into the supply closet to compose myself before going back out to work.   I hadn’t worked with her again until today. I’ve only been working here for two months so I’m still learning the ropes and all that and today I was scooping for someone and she just goes, “That’s too much, give that to me.” and takes the cup from me and rescoops. I felt bad and apologized and watched her scoop so I knew what to do next time. A few minutes later four people came in and got the same thing. She took over, not allowing me to correct my mistake. I just rang them up and said nothing. A little later we got busy and the closing manager came in so I emptied the tip jar so that we could start over and the manager could put her tray in the register. The owner then asked me what I did with the tips and I told her I took them and asked her if we were splitting them. (Federal law prohibits employers from taking tips from customers and I had been told this multiple times by my managers because people had come in and tried to tip the owner and we had to inform them that they couldn’t do that.) She said, “Yes, sweetie, we always split them.” and I said “Oh, I’m sorry, I had been told by (manager1) and (manager2) that that wasn’t the case but I’ll do that.” and she blew up at me in front of customers and goes “You know what? Fine, just keep them, it’s fine. I’m going to leave before I lose it.” Again, because I’m a softie, I tried to keep my composure while helping the last few customers in line before I went to the bathroom for a few minutes to try to get myself not to cry. I felt so bad and came out of the bathroom and left a note with her half of the tips on the counter for her to get later. There were a few other small things that have happened in the past when I had to work with her briefly like me putting something in the dishwasher that she likes to wash by hand and other stuff.   I’m really afraid she’s going to fire me after this and I can’t afford to lose this job because I need to pay for school and I don’t really have the time to apply for a new one. I want to send her an email apologizing before our company Holiday sorry tomorrow so that it’s not awkward but I feel like that might anger her further.   I just want to know, AITA for making her angry today?  Edit: misspelled my own username
e808qr	AITA... So this may be a bit long, but bear with me. We have been best friends for 6y. Me(23f) and my (24f) best friend have always been there for eachother but everything changed two months ago, when she met a guy that she has been texting with for a while. They had an amazing time together and have decided to be in a relationship just after two days of knowing eachother. She then decided to go for a month to be with him because he lives in an another country(1500km far). I was supportive of that decision, told her to go, that she doesnt have anything to lose and should try. When she left, she was changing a little bit, and only after a week she told me she was planning to marry him, that she was gonna stay etc.. I told her to slow down and not to rush into things. I sad seeing red flags about him(he told her to delete all of man from instagram, she put ring icon on her bio, so other guys woudnt dm her), and I told her that that worries me, she got really mad and didnt speak with me for days. I contacted her and apologised and everything was fine. Month goes by and They get engaged, i congradulated her, and told her if shes happy, Im happy. Two months go by and she came home to visit, I ask her if she wants to grab a coffee, have a chat these days. As she didnt answer me that day I went to grab a coffee with some other mutual friends. When she found out she got really mad because I didnt invite her, said that I was a bad friend to exclude her(even do it was her first day back and she wanted to be with her mom and dad). Our fight escalated where she said I was the worst and didnt even congradulated her when she invited me on her wedding (she invited ne via group text), and that I dont support her and she knew that from the day she left. That really Hurt me and I didnt even answer her text after that. Some of my friends say that Im right and she shouldnt have gone metal on me just because I shared my opinion, and some say that I sould apologise to her. So Am I the asshole?   TLDR: Friend goes mad at me because I didnt invite her to a group gathering even do I knew it was her first day back home and that she wouldnt have come because she wanted to be with her family.
e808ab	When my husband and I first started living together, we agreed to split up some of the household chores. For the purpose of this post, I'll say that part of the agreement was for him to do the dishes if I did the laundry. For the most part, this arrangement works out well, but I'll occasionally help with the dishes and he occasionally helps with the laundry. No problem there.  What IS the problem is that inevitably, every fall/winter he forgets that my sweaters are lay flat to dry ONLY. I do my best to remind him of this whenever he offers to help with laundry during the fall/winter, and typically end up asking him to just let me take care of the laundry during this time of the year. The reason is, many of my sweaters have either shrunk, gotten stretched out by getting wrapped up in other clothes and tugged around, and/or "shed" their soft fibers (some are angora, cashmere, alpaca, or blends of similar natural fibers).  It's frustrating having to go behind him to rescue my sweaters during a drying cycle, and infuriating when I pull out a new sweater that's been ruined because I didn't get it fast enough. Short of posting a passive aggressive sign on the dryer with "NO SWEATERS" on it, I don't know what to do.  Every time I show my husband a mutilated sweater, or get "overprotective" about washing my winter clothes, my husband makes me feel like an asshole.  So Reddit, AITA for asking my husband to stop washing my sweaters?  &#x200B;  **Edited to add:** This is a throwaway account.
e8089s	Me and one of my best friends live together and it's usually smooth sailing.  But his girlfriend stays over a lot, they are basically inseparable.   The last week she stayed over 5 days. The other day when my housemate went to work and his GF stayed in our apartment all day when he wasn't home. I reached out to my housemate and told him that wasn't cool for her to be at our house without him and I really needed some space especially because of my current emotional state.  Lately I've had a rough time. Last week i was told my mum has a year to live, shes been battling cancer for over 5 years. Housemate knows this, his gf also knows this.   The next day she was still in the apartment after i asked for space. I was frustrated and made a comment "are you both staying over tonight." I accept that I was being passive aggressive.   My housemate told me afterwards that I needed to apologise to his GF because she now refuses to come over ever again because of the comment I made.  I told him that I don't think I need to apologise for one snarky remark and think the GF is overreacting.   AITA?
e806og	My parents recently made the """important""" decision of spending $4,000 on a "water ionizer".   They first heard of it from a relative last year, how it somehow "makes your body more immune to disease" and "Japanese hospitals use the machines, they check your pH level, while in America we check blood pressure", and that somehow makes it legit.  Then coincidentally, we went to a street fair a couple days after and some woman was "demonstrating" it, how it somehow "emulsifies oil" and "cleans pesticides off of rice" and "removes chlorine that would otherwise be absorbed by us and cause adverse effects".  What really seemed fishy to me was that it had to be used in 48 hours of ionization or else bacteria would grow in it, and that when I tried a sample, it tasted literally no different than what I get through the filter under the kitchen sink. And she used different bottles for different demos.  When they first bought the machine, I was shocked, but then they assured me that "it would be the best for me". This is the same thing they said when they put me on Market America vitamins. So for the first few weeks I just complied and drank it without complaint.  But then I learned about alkalinity and pH in my AP Chemistry class (I'm SO glad I took it). I asked my teacher about the machine my parents had bought and he told me it was nonsense, because to make your water more ionic, you just add sodium bicarbonate, which dissolves into Na+ and HCO₃- ions in the water. And even then, it'll be neutralized by your stomach acid, and won't change your blood pH at all.  I knew it. I fucking new that this thing was nonsense. And then I learned about acidophiles and alkaliphiles, which love extreme acids and bases. So much for "treating disease", especially when too much alkalinity can cause alkalosis. Not fun.  And then I learned that the company they bought it from is a pyramid scheme. And who they bought it from likely gave them her business card so she can recruit them.  I knew everything I needed to know. So when I came home from school I started to tell my parents about the truth, but was interrupted and they said "Nope. That's bullshit. The company is made of verified doctors and points to peer reviewed studies, and any naturopath will say alkaline water is good for you."  Realizing I couldn't change their mind, I just stopped drinking their alkaline water. They also give it to my cat, but every time they're not looking I use it to water the plants, and give her filtered water.  It's been about a week since I stopped drinking the water, and in the car yesterday my mom got on me for not drinking it because "we spent a lot of money on that machine" but I just interrupted and said "It's nonsense! And you know this because you were a registered nurse! The money would have been better used to fund college!" And then she got offended and ranted about "I DESERVE STUFF TOO!" I don't care.  So is it real or bullshit?
e804pm	I’m on a plane right now, a 5.5 hour flight. I’m in a middle seat, which is whatever. I honestly don’t mind them. I’m pretty petite and don’t move much, so I don’t share the same hatred for them as most people do. In my 22 years of flying, it’s never been a problem.  I’m seated between two sisters who are rather large. This is relevant because they are both struggling to fit in their seats and are pouring into my space. They also have a lot of bags underneath the seats in front of them (both their carryon and personal bags), which is contributing to them spilling into my seating area.  I come from a family of overweight people, so I understand the struggle and humiliation of not being able to stay in your own space, however, these two women are having short conversations across me and are reaching across me to pass things to each other and scroll on each other’s phones to show things.  I understand that they are sisters and want to talk and I also see that they likely didn’t sit next to each Rhee because they need the extra space. However. It’s already such a rude thing to do, but I feel like if you’re already taking up my space, the very least you could do is be mindful of your actions that make the situation so much worse.  WIBTA the asshole for telling them it is rude and to stop or switch seats with me? I’ve never dealt with this before. Is these some plane etiquette to ignore this?
e7zwxj	I had an aunt visit us from my maternal side. She was staying with my grandmother for the time she was here. I went to see her when she first arrived and both of them insisted on seeing my paternal grandmother and having tea. I let my mother know of the request and she found a tea shop and set up a reservation. We all went and had a nice time the 5 of us. When the bill came (30 a person) my mom and I were discussing how the two of us would split the bill when my aunt took out her wallet and said no no I’ll pay. We said no it was fine and she again said no I will pay - we asked if she was sure and she said yes not a problem so she paid. We took everyone home and figured that was the end of it.  Supposedly my aunt went home and was outraged we forced her to pay and she said “(ops mom) should have paid! She was the one who made the plans.”  My mom is blindsided. She spent the whole time my aunt was visiting taking her places and going over and was the one who picked her up and dropped her at the airport.  My aunt spent her whole trip talking about her lavish lifestyle, her successful career, eating at high end restaurants etc So her offering to pay seemed like a sweet gesture. But now it’s being used against us?  So AITA for allowing my aunt to handle the bill when she offered?
e7zw7f	My parents are divorced. My father married a woman that hates me so I have no contact with her. My mother has been in various relationships since the divorce so I've met and lived with different "stepdads" during my teenage years. After they'd broke up with my mother I never heard from them again. Recently she told me she has a new boyfriend and she's trying to push him down my throat with pics or videos of them. It honestly seems like she's the teenager daughter and I'm the mother. I'm an adult now and live far away. I have no intention not only to meet him but I'm even ignoring the pictures/video of him she sends me. AITA? Honestly this never ending change of boyfriends got so old a long time ago and I don't want to have anything to do with that again now that I'm an adult   Edit: I should mention that these are not simply guys she dates. All the previous four have lived in my house for years, got involved in my life, got to know me and then disappeared forever at the end of the relationship. I'm tired (emotionally) of it
e7zv4o	So a little back story. About 4 years ago I was using my wife’s phone and she gets a text from this friend. I tell her and she tells me to read it to her. I do and respond with what she tells me. Well I decide to just scroll through the messages (yeah I AM the ass hole for that one) and find screen shots of conversations with a guy my wife has been cyber/emotional cheating with. The friend is telling her that’s hot and other things encouraging her about this. This friend who not 6 months ago found out her Husband was doing the same thing and was devastated. So the wife and I get in blow out argument as you can expect. We work through it but I hate this friend. She lives far away so I rarely have to see her but when she does come around I’m just in a bad mood. Well the friend and her kids spend the night at our place last night and the wife starts giving me crap for not being in a good mood. I explain to her that I’m sick (I’m not a happy camper when I’m sick) and that friend is here (she knows I don’t and will never like this friend but I am nice to her). She says I’m being an ass hole and it’s her oldest friend and I need to like her.   So am I the ass hole because when the friends around I’m not in a good mood because it reminds me of my wife’s cheating and the friend who encouraged it?  On mobile so sorry for the wall of text.
e7zqaa	 A little context first. I am disabled, I have ptsd and my main issue is phonophobia which is an intense fear of loud noises I get wildly stressed out and sometimes have to flat out hide if I get scared, being in public is very hard sometimes so I mostly stay home since I get disability funding (canadian). We live in a 12 floor apartment building with our foxhound who has terrible anxiety (she doesnt even bark)   Why I might be an asshole:  1. Our neighbours were vaccuming every day between 12am-4am, sometimes even twice in a night, the noise is very specific and it sends a high pitched sound through our closet, causing our dog to sprint around in a panic and me to get upset, we filed a complaint and they stopped for a bit but restarted. We also told a security guard on them twice for a woman screaming wildly. We don't think they like us   2. The neighbours across the hall were having a party at around 5pm, not an awful time, we werent super upset but they were blasting Spanish music, we took it for about 30mins and then they started yelling, and screaming, and clapping in a really big group so again I went downstairs and just told them what was going on, told the security guard if he didnt think it was that bad he didnt have to do anything I just asked him to check it out and he talked to them   3. We were hearing some really really loud talking in the halls at around 7pm and we just thought it was like 5 kids running around, we don't like being rude to kids cause they're kids so we left it alone for 20 mins, they were running up and down the halls and talking very loudly and pushing a skateboard down the stone halls, freaking everyone in our house out. I decided to poke my head out after a while, not planning on saying anything but there were two parents there yelling and joking around with the kids, pushing them around on a skateboard just using the hall as a playground. I got pissed because I feel the parents should at least know better so I snapped at them and asked "if they'd please keep it down it's kinda out of hand."   We stay up pretty late due to my boyfriend working late shifts, we're up between noon-6am most nights so it's not like it's preventing us from sleeping and we don't complain if it's a reasonable hour (around 10am-10pm) and just a short time of loud noises (20-50 mins) it just makes me physically stressed and our dog sprinting around in a panic doesn't help it either. We're never directly rude to anyone but we might be wicked killjoys on this floor. So AITA?
e7zpgg	Nurses are incredible and overworked and underappreciated. I think it's in new parents' best interests and their responsibility to change their own kids' diapers in general.  After I had my second child, I was in the maternity ward for a few nights because I had a c-section. Recovering from a c-section can be very, very painful. It's particularly difficult to get in and out of bed and bend over for the first few days--I mean, it's major abdominal surgery. That being said, I tried to do whatever I could to help myself get better, which includes some getting out of bed and, when you can, trying to walk. I was also nursing (well, trying--it wasn't easy for me TBH, and pretty painful).  The hospital, like many, had a "room in" policy, which is that they discourage babies going to the nursery and prefer the new mother keep the baby in her room to learn the baby's cues, practice nursing, etc. Not against this. But it can be hard for women just recovering from labor (especially c-sections). Babies need to feed every 2-3 hours round the clock. All I wanted to do was hold her and cuddle her, but it's exhausting and you're essentially sleep deprived and recovering from surgery and taking care of a new life. It was mainly me alone because for various reasons, my husband couldn't come in and definitely couldn't stay the night.  I had incredible nurses while I was there. The nurse in the evening seemed irritated when I would call for help (for pain meds, anything). I really tried to be apologetic and of course understood she might be busy elsewhere and would need time to get to me, as I wasn't an emergency.  So here is where maybe I was TA. At night sometimes the pain would be worse and I would be worn out, and I would have to ring to ask for help. I asked for help nursing (especially trying to position yourself with your incision), getting to the bathroom if I needed it. I also asked the nurse in the evening to help me change the baby. And here it is:  if I was having problems with pain and getting up and was really worn out from everything, I asked her a few times if she would change the baby. (If I opted for having the baby in the nursery, I think the nurses would change her, but she really discouraged using the nursery).  She asked "Do you have a problem changing the baby yourself? It's something you should be able to do." I explained that I have no problem changing babies and definitely knew how and wasn't intimidated by it (this was my second child), but that it was hard getting in and out of bed and walking around the bed to the bassinet. She told me that I should change the baby in my bed (I could reach her with less effort if I just wanted to bring her into bed with me--and sometimes she was already in bed with me). I guess I would keep the changing stuff in or near my bed. I didn't want to do this because it didn't seem sanitary.  She was clearly annoyed with me and expressed it. I can see both sides, and now I'm wondering if I was TA.
e7znyy	This past semester, I've gotten to know H through one of my classes. He's smart, funny, attractive, down-to-earth... you get the idea. I quickly started crushing on him, and it seemed like the interest was mutual at first, but then he casually brought up his girlfriend in conversation one day. Sometimes he says things that seem flirty (he always notices when I dress nice), but even though I still really like him, there's no way I would ever try to disrupt his relationship. We're strictly friends, and I don't think he has any idea how I feel about him.  The problem started when I introduced him to my best friend N. N is a gay guy and a very sexual person. I'm used to hearing him describe his sexual encounters in graphic detail, but now he's openly lusting after H. He speculates about H's genitalia and how good of a lover he is, and says that H is "probably bi" and that he's going to try to hook up with him once he breaks up with his girlfriend. (They've been together since before college and we're now seniors, so I doubt that's ever going to happen.)  It makes me really uncomfortable- it's awkward to see H after I've heard N talk about him like that, not to mention that I don't want to think about anyone's sexual prowess in that much depth unless I'm having sex with them (and even then, not all the time, in public). I've told N to knock it off a couple of times, but he always makes it seem like I "can't handle" what he's saying because of my crush on H, like I'm getting jealous or turned on or something. Now I just don't share stories about H with N anymore, and try to change the subject if he comes up.  This past weekend, I was with N and a couple of other people in my apartment and we were browsing Instagram. We saw a picture of H with his rowing team. N took a screenshot and "joked" that he was going to masturbate to it later, and I said, "Dude, that's fucking disgusting." He asked why and I told him that it was disrespectful to H to objectify him, disrespectful to H's girlfriend for obvious reasons, disrespectful to me to make the friendship awkward, and disrespectful to *everyone listening* to put graphic images in our heads when we didn't want them there. He said that I was a hypocrite because I must have sexual thoughts about H even though he's "taken", and that I didn't have any greater claim to H than he did. He said that it wasn't his problem that I was a prude and that everyone was okay with it except me. He left, and our mutual friends stayed for a couple more minutes before making various excuses to clear out as well. Now he's blocked me on everything and our mutual friends are messaging me saying that if I had a problem I should have said something sooner (which… I did?) and that it wasn't right for me to blow up on him "for no reason". I think the nuclear option was the only one I had at that point. AITA?
e7zn06	Now my sister recently moved in with my GM for reasons. And they have been making up false information. My GM and my mother sometimes fight during texts, and claims she has never been able to text me cause my mother said so, that’s a lie my mother never said that. I’ve only seen her like two or three times this year, but she texts my older sister if she wants to go Christmas shopping with her, not asking me. She text me once a while ago just being petty that she didn’t call her on her birthday and they phone goes both ways, I was upset she didn’t text on my birthday. I don’t want to see her for Christmas, no one is making me, but I just feel bad for not wanting to. I mean she is my grandmother.
e7zlm5	Some backstory - my parents have five dogs. Three of them eat everything. Including my shoes (vans $50) (converse $50) (vans high tops $50) (both pair of my sons slippers $15) (the bottom of my sons fluffy coat with zipper off - not sure of price because it was from his other grandma) and honestly so many toys and other little things I can’t think of. But today they ate my sons stuffed cat. The cat goes everywhere with him, sleeps with him, like everything. He got him in hocking hills from my brother and sister in law. I AM SO PISSED AB IT. I asked my mom and she laughed and said it wasn’t her fault so I left her house. Now my dad is texting me that I’m ridiculous because of this - but it just all adds up and I am so annoyed. She also never disciplines the dogs or anything. Am I the asshole?
e7zlja	English is not my first language, so I apologize in advance for any mistakes.  A few days ago, I went to this Christmas market fair with a couple of friends. My friends needed to go to the bathroom, so I volunteered to stay near a food stand and look after their things. This women came up to me, asked me if I spoke English and when I replied yes, she grabbed my hand, handed me this note, which stated that she was poor and gathering money for her young children living in another country. Something along those lines, but I don't remember very clearly. I may have been wrong, but that seemed like a scam of some sort to me, but that's not my point here.  I gave her some spare change to get her to leave me alone because this was causing quite a commotion with her loudly asking for money and I really hate attracting any sort of attention. Then she said that she needed more and started demanding that I give her more, or at least gave her my drink which I was holding in my other hand because she was hungry. At that point I was starting to freak out, because she was still holding on to my hand and becoming quite insistent. I really dislike physical contact with people, so having a stranger touch me freaked me out pretty badly, and so I ended up snapping at her, saying that I don't have any more money and that she should just leave me alone after which she moved to other people. When my friends came back, one of them said that I should have just given her the money because she may have actually been sincere and needed my help. Another friend said that I was not obliged to give the women any money and that I was not in the wrong here. However, I feel guilty, because I'm sure I could have handled the situation in a better way.   So AITA?
e7zcmg	Hello everybody! Little bit of background information needed:  I am 19 years old and my father has a girlfriend he has been together with for the past 1,5, years. She has two other kids, a daughter (24) and a son (17). Her son is the one this is about, so let's call him Pete. Pete has always been a little frustrating, as I understand. He's got in trouble here and there, but always pretty normal stuff. Pete is one of those "I am the best and can do anything" guy, but also a someone who really tries to be the most important in the room, etc. I've always been good with Pete, we had so much fun together, we've been to little parties together, family trips were incredibly funny with him, we just got along very well. But we were never really talking about real deep topics, so it feels more like a normal friendship than anything else.  Anyway, Pete recently started smoking weed. A God damn lot. As he told me himself, he smokes when getting up and after that in a 2-3 hour cycle and before going to bed. Don't get me wrong, I like weed myself, not against it really, and I like to smoke myself here and there. But the fact that he does not talk about anything else anymore when we talk, the fact that he always wants to go out and smoke (not always weed, because he's also smoking cigarettes), and the fact that he always needs to be high as hell just make me want to distance myself.  My father and his gf know about his smoking habits, both cigarettes and weed, but my father's gf doesn't do anything against it, she actually gives him money sometimes. My father has tried to talk to her about it, but it doesn't really work so he kinda gave up.  So, as I said, I am trying to distance myself a little, by not going there when he's there, going home when he is coming or trying to always have some event in the evening I need to attend so he doesn't ask for me to stay overnight. I am aware that I could try to talk to him about it, but believe me, he doesn't give one shit what anybody says about his weed consumption.   Am I the asshole for my behavior towards him?
e7z2fh	Some info : I have two kids: 8(M)  and 2(F). I've live with my husband for 4½ years now, he is biological dad of the 2(F) only but loving dad of both. Before living with my husband my son and I used to live with my parents. My 8(M) sees his bio father Avery other week and holidays every other year he spends Christmas eve and comes back 25th by 12pm. So this year we'll do 25th Christmas eve and 26th Christmas day   The situation: As my husband, my baby and I will be "alone" for christmas eve, so we always wait for our 8yo to come back from his dad's and then do dinner and all that, it's like doing Christmas one day after everyone does, but my heart just can't celebrate without having both of my kids with me.  My mother thought it would be a nice idea to spend Xmas eve 24th doing a dinner with my grandma, We both agreed since otherwise we'd be at home missing our boy.  The problem is she wants to come by our house the 25th and give the kids her presents and have lunch all together and celebrate Xmas day.   And I said I was going to invite them anyway to spend 26th with us since that would be our Xmas day, she tried to convince me and I refused, I need that Xmas eve night with dinner and watch a movie with both of them.  She got mad at me, said: "do what you want with your dinner" and hang up on me.   AITA for wanting to celebrate all after my kid is here?, I don't want him to feel left out of our Xmas.  He even asked if this year we would wait to do dinner the 4 of us together and I promised him it would be that way.
e7yywa	I apologize for formatting i am on mobile.  First some backstory, so this year i went to a new school and made a couple new friends, there was one guy i already new because we hung out quite alot outside of school ( lets call him F) and he is the subject of this story so lets begin.  So i made friends with a girl that he apparently disliked (i was unaware of this) and when he found out he texted me swearing at me and stuff and saying how we can be friends no more because i hang out with this girl and this brings me to my dilemma, this girl is nice and i like hanging with her but iv known F for a long time and like hanging out with him and i dont wanna kill out friendship over this ( i also have some minor issues with stress and self confidence and this is fucking making me crazy🙁😕)  So people of Reditt, Am I the Asshole?
e7yurl	tl;dr: I destroy someone’s Minecraft house as revenge for calling my friend “fake”  Okay. This might be a long one, and might not be worth your time because it’s kind of petty. I’m on mobile blah blah blah you know the drill.  So a bit of backstory: This took place on a discord server and a Minecraft server (yes, yes I know). The people involved were my and my brothers friends. The story however revolves around me, my close friend (EM), my friend being bullied (BH), and the person I believe was an absolute asshole (BF).   This all started in the discord server when BF was calling BH a “fake” because they had the same name. BF started this joke because he thought it was funny that BH was getting pissed at him.  Sometime later, I saw that EM was trying to get BF and his friends to stop calling BH fake because BH was very clearly upset by it (he was cursing in the chat, which he never does). BF and his friends said that they didn’t have to stop/weren’t going to.  We had a big argument and then me and EM promptly left the server, and declared we would quit playing on the Minecraft server.  Now here’s the story I’m asking about if I was being the asshole (based on the backstory I provided). Please do not judge me in the backstory itself! I’m just asking about this next part if I was being an ass, not asking about my behaviour in the previous paragraphs.  So after the events of that night, I went to EM on discord PMs. It had been a whole day since the argument, but I was still furious. I asked her to get on the Minecraft server and take down BFs house with me when no one was on. We took the entire house down and hid it and all of his stuff in a chest. We thought destroying it permanently was going too far. We just wanted to make a strong point so BF knew we weren’t messing around.  The next day after that both servers were shut down and my bother told me that he wanted to restart. This was, presumably because of mine and EMs actions. I felt that revenge was the only way to make a strong statement and I do not regret anything I did. Also, I believe that the same thing or worse would have happened if the servers stayed up.  So, Reddit? Am I the asshole?  Edit: removal of unneeded information  Edit 2: I must admit, I joined in at first but I stopped after I saw how mad it made BH. As for the house, he was on for around 2 hours to collect the materials for it and build it, at least that’s what I think. It might have been a bit longer, but it seemed that he took a bit more time to collect materials than to build it (he had a basic house but things like diamonds and other rarities in the chests).  Edit 3: addition of tl;dr (sorry for all the edits!)
e7yps6	So, for context, I live with my boyfriend. On my birthday, yesterday, I was working for 9 hours. One pm to a little past 10 pm, on my feet all day and had to close up shop, clean equipment etc. I was tired. So when I got home, we had cake, I was given presents etc.   After that, my boyfriend just leaves without telling me and is looking at a computer that’s from an empty room in the house and trying to turn it on. It’s late. It’s  past 12. When he comes back he says he doesn’t want to talk and that he’s upset, and that he wants to go to bed.   It’s 12 am. But I wanted to spend some time with him. I only would have one day off (today) so if we wanted to stay up, last night was the night.   Then shit hits the fan. I ask him why he went to use a computer and mess around with it without telling me he was going to be gone for a bit. I ask him what’s wrong. He wouldn’t tell me. I decided to have some time to myself.   He’s acting like I did something to him. He sends me the money he was going to use to go out today over my bank account and basically goes “here, freaking buy something”  When I come back I tell him what’s wrong. Apparently he got mad thinking about that I had sent nudes to other guys a long time ago before I started dating him because he’d want me all to himself. Is it just me or is that extremely stupid??? And especially on my birthday,  with the little time we have together?   He was saying that he never sent anyone nudes or kissed anyone before me. He was a virgin. I was a virgin too. He was acting like I had done some immoral thing. And he’s a freaking atheist!   AITA?  TL;DR: boyfriend was salty on my birthday because he was thinking about that I used to send nudes to other people a long time before I started dating him.
e7ymij	So, i've been to this place 3 times.   Theyre right next door to my apartment complex. The first time i went in, the owner made me spend an extra $2 because she supposedly forgot to put a sign on the dryer i went to use and had no way of refunding me. Whatever. Then, she CHANGES the dryer settings i selected on the working one because "it will go faster". I didnt have any more money to take them out and change the settings, so i let all of my underwear dry on high which ruined probably $60 worth of underwear.  I went in the second time and got $30 worth of quarters, but only used $10 to do my curtains and bedding because they have the big machines. I used the other $20 to do laundry in my apartment complex, which is $1.50/load instead of $6 wash and $2 dry.   Today i went in and just got $10. She proceeded to yell at me for stealing in front of everyone. "Entitled! You come in here every other day and steal from me! Steal from my shop! I don't like you! Use my machine or get out!"  I haven't been going in and doing this every day, or even once a week. Today is the only time i've ever gone in and not used their machines at all. They've got 4 change machines in there, and there's never more than 2 cars in the parking lot.  I know i'm not completely innocent here, but am i an asshole?
e7ymgl	In my stats class I have a group chat with 3 people from my class. We sometimes send homeworks, study guides, or just check answers on assignments. One of the girls in this group doesn’t really try to learn it and i have helped her with several assignments and quizzes (i was trying to teach it to her by showing her how to do the problems step by step but she never really listens).  The final straw happened last week, we had a take home portion for our final, and we said we were going to compare answers. She asked to just copy mine, and I told her I would check her numbers. She was clearly annoyed by it, but i was just fed up because there were step by step explanations on how to do the problems so it wasnt like she couldn’t easily do it herself. The other two people in our group did it themselves and just wanted to compare answers to make sure we all got a good grade.  Now here’s where I want to know if I would be TA... my friend from high school who is attending a different university made a really good study guide and was nice enough to share it with me. I want to share it with the two people who actually are doing the work individually, instead of sending it in the group where the other person would have access to it too.  I know the one girl would find out as they would likely bring up me sharing it in class, and I don’t want to be rude. I just don’t wanna reward her with the study guide. She has shared homework answers before, but she only had them because she went to the free tutoring where they helped her do all of them. I just feel like she doesn’t put in the same effort the rest of us do.  So WIBTA if I only shared a study guide with two people in our group?
e7ylvv	Fishing is my meditation, so I do it in various neighborhood lakes/ponds 4-5 times a week on my way home from/before I go to work, typically for an hour or 2.  Rainbow trout stocking started just before Thanksgiving in city ponds/lakes, so I've been chasing them in the closest stocked spot to my house since. I've been 6 times since then, and I've seen violations every time at this heavily pressured city pond. Aside from being there at sunrise or leaving after dark, I've never been there without 2-5 other fishermen also fishing.  State/park regulations state that licensed/exempt fishermen can use 2 rods per person at a time, can take 5 catfish and 5 trout/day, and can't use casting nets.  EVERY time I've been there, at least 1 person is using 3-4 rods alone, and I've seen multiple people use a casting net. They were all bad at it, but rules is rules, as they say.  I'm pretty friendly and really enjoy talking about fishing, especially when I'm fishing a new spot (it's unreal how much useful information you can get out of people just talking about their catches), so I talk to most of the people I run into. 3 times at this spot I've had people openly talk about exceeding bag and rod limits. These folks are clearly feeding their families with these fish, as I've seen most of them more than once in the last 10 days. I'm not sure if these guys are even licensed.   WIBTA if I put a call into parks and wildlife reporting the violations and suggesting that they police the lake for a week or so?
e7yh9w	I (20F) am a vegetarian who doesn’t consume dairy (I’m lactose intolerant). To celebrate my final exams being over, I decided to make a chocolate chip skillet cookie with chocolate sauce and ice cream. Being lactose intolerant I bought a pint of non-dairy almond milk ice cream.   My (30M) brother saw it and told me I was selfish for buying only vegan ice cream when I’m the only one who can’t eat regular dairy and I should’ve got 2. I told him I’m not paying for something I can’t eat but if he doesn’t want vegan ice cream he doesn’t need to eat it. In fact even better - more for me.   AITA? I don’t feel like paying for shit I can’t eat and our parents don’t seem to mind the vegan ice cream. I don’t think I’m the asshole for not buying 2 ice creams.
e7ygpy	Don't get me wrong - I'm not a ungrateful bitch.... BUT:  Today's my birthday. Every year I think of a gift for my SO. Birthday and christmas. I try to gift him something sweet, something he needs or want to have it. This year I got him the phone he wanted - I get some discount because of my work but it still costed me around 200,-. I spend around 100-150 euros for his presents. As he does or did normally. Last year I didn't get anything which was no big deal, because we had a veeery stressful month. This year he asked me a few times what I want for my birthday and christmas. I said I don't want him to spend money on flowers because they are really expensive where he buys it and they die after a few days. I told him what I wanted (a gift card from a store I reeeally like, a tacky chair I saw in a store a few months ago, a perfume,...) so he has an idea what I like (I didn't want ALL of it of course. He knows that, we do that every occasion - you tell me 2,3 things you like and I will get you 1 or 2 of it. Around 100 euros as usual).  Today he got me... Flowers. Not even fresh ones (the place where he get them makes really beautiful fresh bouquets) he got me pre made ones. I saw the same bouquet yesterday there. It was 25 euros. His family - which doesn't like me - got me bigger gifts than he did. They got me small gifts I really like (a gift card from my favorite bookstore and some bathbombs because I love bathing)   I know I sound ungrateful and entitled but... I'm kinda sad right now. I don't want him to spend much money for me (even though he earns more than 3 times more than me) but... I wanted something I like. And not something I said I didn't want to have. I feel like shit because now I'm a little bit pissed but... I always come up with ideas and he didn't even tried to get me something I like.   Reddit, AITA?
e7ygkz	TL;DR (even though it’s mildly long sorry) - I (F & married) met this guy at the beginning of summer and became really good friends with him and his group of friends. Found out he had feelings for me (while knowing I have a husband) but stayed friends with him because people can’t control their feelings and I felt bad about cutting him off just for that. Eventually an insane amount of red flags start going off - he’s become possessive over me, extremely jealous, lies to me, manipulates me, lashes out at me. He has anxiety and was cheated on in his last relationship so that’s his reason for being like that (???). Stay friends with him regardless because he says I’m a good friend and have helped him become a better person. Eventually he snaps on me while I’m in the middle of a meltdown (he wasn’t involved in btw) due to stress and I try cutting him off. It takes a while because I keep trying to make the friendship work, but after a while my husband talks to me and tell me it’s time to let go. I tell this guy I’m cutting him off and give him a chance to tell me whatever he wants before I go so he gets closure, and he tells me I’m the bad person in all of this and begins to try to manipulate me again to believe it. I have my husband by my side to read all of these messages and tell me they’re wrong, but still feel residual guilt from it. Can give more context in comments.
e7yfkb	I rent in a houseshare situation.  &#x200B;  Over the past few months, the landlord has a friend who sometimes drops off their dog at the house without warning at random hours of the day, including sleeping hours. The dog barks through the night and scratches to the point of causing damage to both the house and themselves. The friend leaves the dog frequently without water, food, or a place to go to the bathroom, which I try to fix when available. The dog defecates out of stress in the common areas. I don't allow the dog to come inside the areas that I rent.  &#x200B;  I feel extremely bad for the dog (it's clearly stressed out whenever left at the house) but refuse to take responsibility for it. There was no mention of pets in my agreement with the landlord, and one of the stipulations actually was that I can't have or bring over pets myself. Who is at fault here? Asshole friend, asshole landlord for not handling the situation, or AITA for not being more accommodating to a temporary, occasional situation?  &#x200B;  Edit: Thanks to comments, I brought it up with my landlord with video proof and he promptly put a stop to the dog being left here. The friend apologized as well and is looking into getting proper dogsitting accommodations- I think they both assumed the dog was fine if simply left alone as they're inexperienced with dogs. Landlord had no idea the situation was that bad as neither of us are both home that often, and felt quite bad about the dog's stress. Startlingly quick happy end.
e7yeop	I have recently given birth (he’s just over a month old! Yay!) and as it was my first pregnancy I’m finding life incredibly tough and stressful right now. Breastfeeding isn’t going well, sleep schedules are completely fucked, my body is a seeping sack of sutures and stitches, and I’m honestly feeling like a broken person at the moment.   Mentally I’m doing great, however it’s the physical part that I’m struggling immensely with.  My husband and my 13 year old stepson have a weekend tradition of ordering pizza, blasting UK garage which is... loud and bright to say the least, and playing fifa with the volume turned way up.   I gave my hub the go ahead to carry on these weekend traditions because time with his son is important, and I thought it would be fine. Sadly however, the reality is that the noise levels are beyond ridiculous, they’re still the same as they were pre baby and I’ve explained to them both that even if baby is awake, sometimes I’m trying to get a 10 min power nap and the dulcet sounds of fifa commentators aren’t really doing it for me.  My husband turns it down, but then my stepson turns it way back up because he forgets. I’m also incredibly ratty at the moment and emotional, so my temper is flaring. I asked my husband to supervise that the volume is on low, he’s a gem who has been incredibly brilliant and over and beyond supportive so I don’t want to take away his only bonding time with his son, but the reality is I need sleep, and I need to heal.  I suggested that the two boys go to play fifa at my MIL’s who is literally a 5 min drive away from us, and my husband apologised and understood. My MIL however rung me up and told me that it’s also my husbands and my stepsons home and that it’s unfair that I’m kicking them out.   AITA over this?
e7ye9x	College student- modelling to help with bills. Still signed to known modelling agency but hadn't worked much the past year- I was pushed to the bottom of roster. Looking for TFP (trade for pay) opportunities to update my portfolio and get back in the game. I had paid for one primary shoot and decided to supplement my the rest of my portfolio with TFP material.  I found a post on a known Facebook group and responded to a Japanese Makeup Artist/Stylist in regards to a TFP shoot. She tells me there will be hair, makeup and wardrobe- as it is for her own portfolio. I will receive the final edits of all the pictures as trade. There will be no pay. I agree, as I need material and she was coming in with a team from Japan and it looked interesting.  As instructed, I arrive with my foundation done and sit in a crowded, so-so unknown local stylists studio with other models. The MUA does my face in five minutes, and the final product is haphazard. I am then dressed in a basic cotton kimono and are escorted to the STREET out front for the shoot. Mind you, this is an area in Hollywood that is grimy. But I did sign up for it so I give them the benefit of the doubt and am professional and work positively with the photographer.  It wraps an hour and a half later. Two weeks go by and I hadn't received word from the MUA. I write to her and she then replies saying the photographer whom worked with me had his camera stolen. She provides proof of this via screenshot of him addressing the accused thief.During our exchange I maintained professional courtesies. I see she has posted images from the shoot with other models so that means she has not lost all material. Politely, I ask if she could reimburse my travel expenses via Paypal which totalled $20. I provided screenshots of my UberPool receipts. I ask this as I am currently on a budget and the purpose of the shoot was to aid in my income not to be a profitless cost.  She says she'll Pay if I keep 'secrecy'. I ask her to clarify- should keep secret that she paid me or that I didn't receive the pictures promised. I receive an all caps lock paragraph long message (she blocked me before I could screenshot) She says I have to confirm I will only 'write good things on all platforms' and she framed the rest of her message implying I should be grateful to have had her style and do my makeup and have my pictures taken by a professional photog IN the studio (none of this is relevant to me without the actual pictures).  I replied politely stating the fact that without the trade of pictures she has only earned free labor from me and is not at a total loss like myself since she has other pictures from the shoot. I also say that it is her professional responsibility to uphold the deal- since she hired me and the photographer- she is liable for not seeing it through that I be compensated for my time. I simply asked for the amount of $20 that is less than a fraction of the cost of my hourly rate as a model ($300+)  Then she gets more aggressive saying that I'm "Pushing her good consciousness" and if I don't confirm that I won't tell anyone about this she will stop replying to me. So, I told her to keep her money. Don't know if it was the smartest thing to do but my pride was hurt that she demeaned me for that amount. Also- I guess I feel that by not taking the money I have stood my ground that she was confrontational and disrespectful for no reason.  **Tl;dr AITA for asking for my travel be reimbursed since I didn't receive pictures?**
e7ydp7	Basically, I am an Indian girl (26 if it matters) and I do technically live at home but for the last year or so I have been staying at my fiance house more often and going home about once a week or so. The reason for me not going home isn't malicious or anything, I work, I go to school taking a couple of classes, I am also currently attending meetings/consultations trying to plan my wedding for next year (basically alone), raising a puppy, AND trying to plan/start my own business, I’m just busy. My mom KNOWS how much I have going on, whenever we do talk we always talk about what we have going on etc. My dog was really sick this week and he was up most the nights so I stayed awake with him and slept during the next day kind of thing, I guess my mom was trying to call me but since I was sleeping and exhausted I didn't answer, the next next morning I had to run out for a work meeting and was busy most the day with it so I eventually got back to her in the evening. When we talked, she was yelling about me not answering and I said to her "you know you can text me too if its an emergency and then I can get back to you" because my mom is the type of person if you don't answer for some reason she keeps calling and calling and calling and it drives me NUTS (For no emergency she will do this). If I don't answer the first 8 times I'm probably doing something?! And I've told her this and her excuse is always "if your mother calls, you answer" and I just don't understand what kind of mentality that is. Well anyways, I said you can text me and she lost it and she was like "you NEVER EVER answer your texts or calls" (and I admit in the past I haven't been the best because A) I've never been a super big phone person B) I AM BUSY BUT I have been trying really hard to make an effort to return her calls and texts) and then I lost it also bc I am sick of getting yelled at and I said "just STOP. I've been trying to make more of an effort in calling back and texting but you know this week \*dog\* was sick and I was with him and I had work stuff going on. You always do this, It's getting so annoying, you always call 800 times and then get mad at me when I don't answer, you never stop to think oh maybe she has a lot going on right now maybe she's busy and she can't answer but no instead you always start yelling and getting mad at me" and then she went onto the whole "I'm your mother you answer" and I replied with "This is stupid you always do this" and she hung up on me and hasn't talked to me since and now I feel like a gigantic asshole for yelling at her like that. I know what I was trying to say I could have said without yelling but I am just so sick of feeling like the bad guy ALWAYS with her. My sister sits around all day and doesn't work, go to school, literally does nothing but watch TV all day but they're best DAMN FRIENDS.  Anyways, sorry for the rant but it's been days and I still feel really bad for yelling but I feel like I wasn't wrong, so Reddit, AITA?
e7yc95	Friday night, my brother and I had some friends over for a hangout. I was taking a course that ended late and our friends got to our place a few hours before I did. The plan was to order pizza but the guys got hungry before I could make it back home so they went ahead and ordered it anyway.  While I was in class, my brother texted me telling me they were getting the pizza and that he would get me one. I thanked him and told him I'd be home a bit later.  I got home and he said he'd put my pizza in the fridge, when I opened it, it was half something I would typically order and half Hawaiian. I am on the team that believes pineapple doesn't belong on pizza, it is by far my least favourite topping, I'm also not a big fan of bacon and my brother is well aware of that. It turns out he had ordered himself a Hawaiian and had eaten half of my pizza and replaced it with half of his.  I don't like to be a choosing beggar so thinking that the pizza was his treat, I simply picked off the toppings I didn't like and ate the rest. I compare it to lite beer, I wouldn't buy it at a bar but I'm not going to complain if a friend offers me one.  This morning he told me I owed him $14 for the pizza so I told him I'd pay this time but next time, not to get me pizza he knows I don't like if he expected me to pay for it. He thinks I am in the wrong for complaining as he did me a favour and I should just be thankful that he bought me pizza in the first place. I told him he didn't buy me pizza if he expected me to reimburse him.  Am I the asshole?
e7y9f0	I’ve been planning my bfs Christmas presents for almost 4 months. I got everything including our anniversary present. I was so excited for Christmas. However he just bought himself a car two days ago and told me that Christmas is coming 4-5 months late. Idk if I should return the presents or just give it to him.
e7y918	So a little background, after a painful divorce from my spouse which left me with the kid (19f) and left her free to have a grand old time across Europe. I (56m) remarried to my current spouse (55f.)  My wife had a kid from a previous marriage (17m.) Now my wife and I come from vastly different economic backgrounds, I am not to brag quite wealthy while she is not.  To the issue I recently gave my daughter's childhood friend a gift to help her cover some college debt. This was fine, but recently my stepson invited his friend for a holiday we're planning on taking. I said fine as long as his family pays for it. My wife was annoyed and called me selfish she said I was willing to pay twice that for my daughter's friend I should pay it for her kid's friend. I laughed at her and walked away. In my defense, I had known my daughter's friend all her life, she and my daughter practically grew up together. I see her as niece. She is nice, respectful, well mannered and intelligent. Where as my stepson's friend is rude, and arrogant and annoying. I don't want to have him around on a holiday on my penny.  My stepson's not talking to me, not that I really care. But AMITA  &#x200B;  ........................update  I suggested we take him on a different trip and keep this one just for the fly. We'll do different trip later, with my daughter's friend and my son's friend. If I was more comfortable with the boy, I would agree but I've meet him once and that was at the wedding. I know my daughter's friend much better, Like I said she's practically my niece
e7y3d0	I was told growing up you sometimes have to do things you dislike because it makes the people you love and care about happy. This is what I was taught and I thought everyone belived the same.  So sometimes my friends want to do an activity I'm not super excited about, but I show up anyways because I like my friends more and want to spend time with them. So things like watching movies I'm not interested in (I'm not a huge fan of Marvel or Star Wars), playing certain board games, going to karaoke bars (everyone sings badly), going to cat cafes (huge waste of money), etc.  I don't hate any of the activities, I just don't love them. I still go and do my best to have fun, but I'd honestly rather spend that time doing something else.  Anyways there have been a few times when I invited people to do stuff and no one wanted to do it. I was super hurt by it and then 2 of my friends sat me down and told me to stop being immature about it.  That apparently I was being ridiculous to expect people to do unfun stuff simply because we're friends. That they were there for the activities and it didn't matter *who* was there. That she herself played board games with people she didn't super like because the goal was to play a game. Players were interchangeable. And no one should feel unhappy or feel forced into doing stuff they disliked because it's abusive and manipulative and my parents never taught me to assert boundaries.  Then the other guy laughed and said it cute though. Like I thought I was a character from a young adult novel or video game where friendship conquered everything. But no, real life adult friendships don't work that way. In reality people hang out because they're there to do something they want to do, and no one has time to waste on activities they don't enjoy.  That kind of blew my mind. So I thought about it for a while and I guess maybe I was wrong.  So while it still hurts when no one wants to do activities I like, I remind myself not to take it personally. In turn I stopped going to hangouts when the focus is on stuff I'm not a fan of.  And now my friends are wondering why I'm distancing myself from them and why I stopped wanting to hang out. So wtf? Am I the asshole? Or were they leading me on with the whole adult friendships are different thing?
e7y33z	This happened this morning and I’m not sure if I’m in the right or wrong. For reference I (25F) live in a building with 13 apartments in a large city. It’s a mix of young professionals, adult couples (in their 40s) and two apartments of college kids.   I got up this morning and decided to do my weekend clean up. I cleaned the kitchen and bathrooms first and then decided to vacuum. At this point it was around noon. When I was almost done I heard pounding on my door. My downstairs neighbor was extremely mad  and yelling saying I woke her up and I couldn’t vacuum “this early in the morning”.   I apologized for waking her up but explained that it was about 12:20 at this point. So although I was sorry for waking her up it wasn’t really that early and I wanted to finish cleaning before I went out to run errands. She called me unreasonable and said she was going to report me to the landlord if I did it again. I told her to go for it because quiet hours are 10pm-8am and as it’s 4.5 hours after quiet hours I think I’m in the clear.   I do feel bad for waking her up but it was hardly morning- it was early afternoon. AITA for vacuuming at this tome?  WIBTA for doing it again knowing she likely sleeps late and it could wake her up again?
e7y1y6	Context: SHE'S PISSED!   My 18 year old best friend has what I would describe baby fever. She wants to have a baby really badly. She asked me my opinion and I was horrified that she would even ask me or need my opinion on this. I was not rude and I wasn't jumping for joy and I think she whole heartedly thinks this is the way to go.   She just started dating her boyfriend a month ago. She already wants to marry him and have kids with him. And she wants the kids first. Shes trying to get pregnant. She says her plan is to get pregnant and move into the manufactured home her boyfriends parents are gifting him.   She is super big on her appearance and its extremely important to her. If she gets one zit she has a breakdown. I tell her "but what about your body? Are you sure you want to do this so young?"  She seriously looks me in the eye and says her body will go back to exactly the way it is and nothing will change. This is when I gave her an incredulous look and she got mad at me and called me a bad friend for not supporting her and that I'm ignorant to how pregnancy works.   I may be young but I know for a fact that theres no way shes gonna look the same after she has a baby, considering she's short like I am as well. I told her that if she wants to have kids, that's her prerogative but I don't really want to have kids because I also care about the way my body and appearance is. She calls me selfish and that I'll regret not having kids someday. I just want dogs though. Anyway this isn't the point.   She thinks that by having a baby it will fix her life. She will stop doing drugs, smoking cigarettes, drinking and get a place to live. I told her she should do all that first and not after.  She says I'm an asshole and I should support her yet she doesn't support me not having kids. This chick turned off her fake baby in high school, how is she gonna handle a real one? This is serious stuff
e7y02i	So my mom and her colleagues needed a christmas present for their boss. They wanted a little house for hedgehogs to sleep in during winter in case they don't find enough leaves. So my mom looked it up on the internet and only found houses for ~80€ and asked me if I could make it from wood as I am training to become a carpenter.  I spent my whole weekend (11 hours) making this house for her boss, who I don't even know, and when I asked her what she and her colleagues were thinking of paying me, she said she was shocked that I would ask for payment and was extremely disappointed. She then tried to guilt trip me by giving me 50€ but saying this was the last time she asked me to do anything for her and that I'm a disappointment.  I get her point that I'm her son and shouldn't expect money, but this is not my present for someone but hers and her colleagues'. It would cost them 10€ each if they would pay me 50€. So they thought 80€ was too expensive to order it off the internet and expected me to do it for free. AITA?
e7xroe	My SIL gave me a speech during the summer about presents for Christmas when I asked her if her children (2 of them) had a certain book that I wanted to gift them for Christmas.  In short:  1. Everyone (grandparents) gets my kids presents, and I don't want them to be spoiled; I worry they will be if they get so many. 2. They still believe that Christ brings presents, so they have to be from Christ and not from you. 3. It's too many presents and I don't want them to have so much stuff.   The speech was quite unpleasant and went on for a solid 20 minutes. She kept repeating those points in different forms, in quite a severe fashion.  Last year, I got one small gift for each child for Christmas when I visited, my partner warned me that their sister may ask that they are from Christ, not from me... She didn't, I just wasn't allowed to gift it as a Christmas gift. It was my "visiting gift", and down played... Because only Christ brings gifts at this time.  Because of this situation from last year and her speech this year... I've decided to not get them gifts at all for Christmas. My partner supports me. Yet, I can't help but feel that this is unfair to the children.  Am I the asshole?
e7xozq	I am a 26 year old single woman. My most recent relationship ended because I am sure that I don’t want to have kids. It has put a strain on every romantic relationship I’ve had and now it is having a negative impact on my family relationships also. I am healthy and relatively attractive with no family history of genetic illnesses so I have decided to donate my eggs. I made the decision to tell my family about this and have gotten nothing but grief about it. My mother says I am being selfish because I am giving her grandchildren that she’ll never get to know. I have an older married sibling that doesn’t want kids either but  my mother has yet to talk down to them about their choices. I feel so good being able to donate my eggs to people that want to have children but can’t do it on their own but my mom makes me feel like shit about it. I’ve distanced myself from her during this time because she is so negative about it. So far I have helped 3 people create families they so desperately want. Should I just tell my mom to F off? Ugh.
e7xj2a	Alrighty. So I matched with this girl on Bumble last week. Today was our first date, probably our last, and it didn't go to well. I picked her up at an agreed location and took her to IHOP. I opened my car door for her and did everything else a man should do to be a gentleman. We get a booth at IHOP and we start conversating. I was making her laugh and the whole vibe was just positive. 10 minutes into the convo (food hadn't came out yet) I ask her to stop cussing for the next 30 min because we had children sitting around us and I could tell the parents were getting uncomfortable. Upon saying this, she flips out, makes a scene. Saying she's tired of men trying to tell her what to do and she doesn't need me trying to control her. I explain to her in a passive and patient voice, I don't care if she cussed ,just not in public and in front of children at IHOP. Orders a Lyft and storms out. Food hadn't even came out yet. So there I am sitting alone lmao. I waited until the food came out,  ask the waiter if he could pack it to-go . Paid and left. Did i go too far? I just wanted to show the people around me the same amount of respect that I would expect in return.
e7xg0h	I'm a first year university student. My math finals are soon and I've been looking around for some tutors. Me and this new tutor have been planning to meet up since last week (he was traveling) and we've finally met today. So basically I wasted a week waiting for him when I could've had someone else come. I thought he was worth it because of his demeanor and confidence, as he was saying he only teaches university students and doesn't deal with lower levels.  Once he came I told him that I already studied most of it and just needed to go over some equations. He ignored that and went over the first lesson very slowly, I thought he might've been stalling for time as he was being paid hourly. I told him I understood this lesson and wished to move on; he said okay, flipped one page and continued the same lesson. I insisted, then he went to the second lesson. Eventually, we agreed to start with the last lesson as I didn't fully understand it.  He opened the empty textbook and started writing exactly as it was written in the booklet. I was like, okay. Next thing, there's an equation on the next page. He wrote the equation down then it became clear to me he didn't have any idea what he was doing, so to avoid the awkwardness, I offered to just go over the previous exams which he said they were easy prior to meeting.  Mind you, they were the exact same ones I've shown him. The first few equations were multiple choice. He struggled with the first one, pretended to know how to do it and answered it completely wrong, but made sure it was in the multiple choice answers. I didn't want to just claim he was wrong, as he was struggling with the second one, repeating "what do we do here, hmm", I used my math app to look up the correct answer of the first one. He answered the second one completely wrong as well, of course using the exact formula he used above.  I showed him the right answer and he stumbled on his words. Eventually, he admitted to forgetting the lesson. I then told him that he said they were easy. He said yes they are but he forgot them. Lastly, I told him that I couldn't trust him as he was giving me wrong formulas and answers while my finals are very soon. He said I was right, insisted on doing another equation of a different lesson. Struggled with it then finished it correctly somehow. I told him that I was thankful he came all this way to my home (although close) and I was going to pay him for the half an hour he stayed. He gave me a better tutor's number and apologized.  I felt really bad for kicking him out like that. He seemed really nice but very lost. I couldn't help but grieve over the time I've wasted waiting for him, thinking he had it all figured it out. In the end, he was like a sad puppy. It was sad. I never done anything this cruel to anyone as I'm usually very shy. My mom said I shouldn't pay him as he didn't do anything. However, I think I will anyway.  AITA?
e7xbr0	I broke up on relatively good terms, as good as they can get I guess, with my ex in August. During our relationship we bought some stuff together: - plates/bowl which are part of an ensemble. My ex also received a blanket as a gift, by me I believe, or my family.  After we broke up the stuff stayed at my place, and she didn't mention anything about it.   There was other stuff as well, but I basically gave it all to her. I only kept a book and a drawing. They remind me of the happy times and I like to reminisce.   So since she never came to pick them up, I started using them.  Now she messaged me saying she wants the blanket and the part of the plates/bowls she payed for (or that I have to pay for them).  That did it for me. I had been super nice about basically everything, and now after 3,5 months (and like 1month of relative silence) she comes back to collect the stuff. So I said, baffled, "I find it quite ballsy that you ask me this now. I don't understand how you can care for this stuff if you only mention them now after such a long time" and hurt I continued with " if you still want the stuff I won't stand in your way, but if you do want to get them please buy my part of the ensemble because I think it shouldn't be separated. "  I understand that the items are technically hers, but it somehow feels as an intrusion. In my eyes she had quite a big window to come and get them or talk about it, but she didn't. It's as if a stranger would walk into your room and claimed stuff you grew attached to.   Now she isn't answering. So I was wondering if IATA in this story.   TL:DR; Ex left her/our stuff at my place, I grew attached to the items and after 3.5 months (and 1month of relative silence) she asks if she can get them back, but I am reluctant to give them back.
e7x803	I work with clients and my job basically boils down to answering their questions and keeping them happy. Every 3 months, we hold meetings with their reps.  We have an employee that has it all. Pink and platinum-blond highlights, a nose ring, and tattoos all over her body from the neck down. She wears heavy amounts of make-up and basically looks like a punk. She also wears a tank top that exposes her midriff and her straps. She sits near the office entrance and is one of the first people you see on your way in.  She's been with us for the past 8 months and every single time, without fail, I notice our clients' reps (from different companies) all give her weird looks. I've even seen them rolling their eyes at her. The last straw was from my latest meeting where the rep outright said "Wow you hire just about anybody here, huh?" and he jerks his head towards her desk at the front. I try to laugh it off and say "Good help is hard to find." He just raises his eyebrows and mutters "She must be damn good at her job."  After he left, I went to talk to the girl's manager about enforcing the dress code and how it's making our business look bad. Our office dress code is simple: business casual, no facial piercings (therefore earrings are okay), and no facial tattoos (I actually had to look that up). It doesn't say anything about make-up but none of the other women in the office have the goth/punk look either. Her manager promised he'd talk to her about it.  A week later, I hear back that things have escalated. The girl in question adamantly refuses to adhere to the dress code and has fired back about the issue by claiming discrimination. I hear they don't want to fire her, but they also don't like hearing me tell them that our clients' reps have an issue with who we hire and how they present themselves.  I don't want her to be fired, but I also don't want her attire and appearance to detract from my work. Her manager is hoping she'll calm down after a while and conform to the dress code, because if not, and if his patience runs out, she's probably going to get the boot.  EDIT for more INFO: I'm not her manager, her manager is her manager (who should've fixed this a long time ago). I made the complaint about her attire when my clients went from just rolling their eyes about it to a verbal complaint. I also don't know how she looked for the interview, I wasn't the one who interviewed her. We work in separate departments.
e7x7rv	Hey everyone,  I was at a party for two of my friends' birthdays when a relative of one of the birthday people walks in with his girlfriend. I introduce myself to them. The relative tells me his name is Steve. I then ask the girlfriend what her name is. She proceeds to share her name. Her name, as it turns out, is very unique and distinctive as it had an "er" sound in the middle of it where Americans would not expect one, but I misheard her and thought it was a more Americanized version of her name without the "er" sound in it. She then clarified the real pronunciation of her name. I then said something to the effect of "I couldn't tell if I misheard your name or if you simply slurred your words!" We were at a party and we had been drinking, so in my twisted logic, it was a funny, perhaps edgy joke to make at the time.  Only one or two people heard the joke apart from Steve and his girlfriend, but it was clear the joke was not appropriate from one friend's audible, yet playful gasp (sort of like an "oh hush lmao" kind of gasp) and I apologized almost immediately to her. She seemed fairly unbothered--if anything sort of amused. I thought it was a minor moment and moved on, just as everyone else (apparently) did.  Later on, I'm talking to the girlfriend again. We swap details about what we do, our travels, etc. She tells me that she is part Greek and Albanian, although I noticed that she simply presents as white American. She didn't have an accent and based on the bit of information she shared, she had lived in the US for most (if not all) of her life. I could, of course, be quite wrong about this.  Later in the evening, we are all joking around and sort of hanging out. We must have gotten to the topic of first impressions because Steve says that one of his first impressions of me was that I was a racist because of my comment about his girlfriend's name. I didn't challenge him on that characterization, even though it was really embarrassing, and apologized pretty profusely both to him and his girlfriend. He seemed to sort of relish in the apology, but his girlfriend told me quietly that he was "being a dick."   I already know that it wasn't my best joke and that it was certainly a poor way to open up the evening. I guess I'm wondering if this is the sort of instance of asshole-ish-ness that rises to the level of Steve being upset with me for the rest of the evening or accusing me of racism? Or if its the type of thing that could have been looked over? If it really was an awful thing to do, then what should I have done to further mend the situation, given I had only just met these people and I was in a party setting?
e7x72v	Last night my father reached out to me (F25) about moving back home to help take care of my grandmother (83). According to him my grandmother seems depressed and rarely will leave the house.   I asked if he'd like me to fly down to visit, when I'm off the the week between Christmas and New Years.   **Side note, my grandma and I are very close, I spent everyday at her place growing up and we talk everyday. She chooses to not leave the house, and self diagnoses herself with all the health issues despite her doctors saying "You're actually fine, if your feet hurt though, maybe try losing weight!"**   After I suggested that he said "Well, I know your lease is coming up, so I was thinking you could move back and in with your grandma to help her at home."  I quickly said no and the shitstorm began. I can't live in that house of hers, she refuses to have it cleaned, its way too big, it filled with crap and is in the middle of no where. My father then offered a different don't want to give up my life here in DC to move down south. My dad understood, but his brother, didn't and feels because I have no college degree, I'm not married (but I've been with my boyfriend for 3 years) and I don't work in an "important field" (I'm the office manager for a talent agency) that I need to take care of my grandma.   I have a cousin who is 20 and lives 12 miles from my grandma, she never has had to give up anything or has had to drop everything and help my grandmother. She is in nursing school part time and works as a receptionist at a hair salon, why can't she move in with her and help out or just go over a few days a week?!   I've offered to fly down to visit for a weekend every month, and spend all holidays there with her, but I don't want to give up my life! My boyfriend is in a work contract so he can't move with me, and I really don't want to do long distance. But my uncle tells me its my responsibility to move down there since she took care of me for free for so long, and I'm being an asshole for saying no....   So I guess... AITA?
e7x63e	I'll keep this short, my dad has no limit and constantly tells at everyone for the smallest things, I've been helping him clean up a house that he rents out to people and almost every week I help him 12 hours a day basically cleaning and remodeling but every time there is something wrong with my work, so then I get called a jackass and he would offer a halved ass apology after 30 minutes, same thing happened yesterday, I was helping him drilling a exhaust hole for a dryer and everything got dusty, he seemed pissed at me for some reason but he said nothing, after that I was waiting outside for another task but he wasnt saying anything, beside me outside was a wire tool thing he placed outside without telling me what to do with it, after he came outside he got pissed because I didnt do something with the tool (I still dont know what he wanted me to do with it) and he said something about me not having any motivation and that I dont have a brain to think with and that I'm always dependent and stupjd so I retorted with "When I leave for Poland when I go to college I wont need anything from you ever". AITA?  Edit: I told him that its disrespectful and I dont like it but after it happened multiple times I just stopped.
e7x40j	So each year my grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins, and immediate family all get together for Christmas. In the past, because there are so many of us, the adults agreed to do Secret Santa. We would draw a name and get that person a gift in an agreed-to price range. It wasn't perfect - some people are better gift-givers than others. Over time, with more children growing up and finding partners, it also become more unwieldy to organize.   Over the past few years, at the lead of one cousin (Brittany), we have done White Elephant sorted by gender. The gist is that everyone brings an unmarked gift for either a man or a woman priced around $25. People in each group draw numbers and, in order, pick and unwrap a gift. After the first person picks, each subsequent person can choose to steal a gift from a previous person, in which case that person gets to pick again. Once a gift has been owned three times, it can't be stolen, and the exchange stops once nothing can be stolen or once everyone is happy with what they got.   The first year, I was game. My fiancee and I brought gifts and participated in our respective female / male groups. During the game, I noticed a few quirks:   * The gifts certainly fell into types. The men's gifts included some tools, some car gear, some nice socks and underwear. The women's gifts were mainly self-care products and candles. The first year, I ended up with a socket set I didn't have yet, but my fiancee (now wife) didn't have many options that she didn't already have enough of. In subsequent years, neither of us have gotten items we like.  * More generally, the gifts didn't feel personalized. I've always treated gift-giving as a personal connection, picking something for someone that I think they'll enjoy. Instead, I find myself falling back on stereotypes.  *  Brittany engineered her choices so she ended up picking her own gift. Isn't the point of a gift exchange *exchanging* gifts?   Many people are willing to go with the flow, ribbing Brittany for picking her own gift (which she has done in every year since) but otherwise participating. I've brought up some of my concerns to individual family members, including Brittany, but I wasn't at Thanksgiving this year (we were at my in-laws), where they decided yet again to do White Elephant again.   I'm over it - the gifts that don't fit me, shopping for stereotypes, Brittany taking her own gift (??) - and don't plan to bring a gift or participate in the exchange. My wife is in the same boat. We're getting my grandparents a gift because we found something that fits them, and we're getting some little toys for kids 6 and under. AITA for not participating in this family gift exchange?
e7x3kc	I do independent meetups for sex and recently got into an argument online as to whether it is wrong for me to take on married men as clients. It is legal to do what I do where I live, so that's not an issue.   My point of view is that I don't initiate contact, I barely advertise and they message first. In no way am I convincing anyone to cheat who wouldn't otherwise, they have to seek it out. If I were to refuse them, they'd just find someone else, I'm far from the only worker in my area. I would guess that around 30% of people I see are married, maybe more are in relationships outside marriage and maybe more are married but don't let me know.   I could get by without seeing these clients but it would be a hit to my income. I'm not doing this work to survive but it is my main income, refusing to see anyone who says they're married would affect my life a lot.   His argument was that it's morally wrong to enable cheaters and I do agree to an extent. I think cheating is wrong and disgusting but at the same time I don't see it as my place to prevent it. Both clients and I look to keep what we do quiet, and so if word got out that I was telling clients partners about them I'd lose a lot of potential clients, even those not in relationships who still want to keep it quiet.   In all honesty I have no intention of changing what I do, but I will keep an open mind to the replies as much as I can. Also I do not take clients from this account, so please do not try to book. Let me know your take on this below, AITA?
e7x24c	So there’s this guy that I had tension with last year because my ex girlfriend ended up going for him last year and there was what I suspect overlap in that situation. So because of this I don’t like him and i’m pretty sure he doesn’t like me. So fast forward to this year, my new girlfriend knows all about that situation with him, and knows i dislike him. Her and a few friends are hanging out and they invite the guy i don’t like over because one of her friends boyfriends is best friends with him. He adds her on snap afterwards, and follows her on instagram. A week later she’s in the shower and leaves her phone, (she told me to look on it in case i ever get anxious so i can clear my mind) so i look at it and I see the guy had asked for her address to pick her up, and she actually gave it. She claims that he never actually picked her up and i believe her but it made me really uncomfortable and i told her this. Then later on halloween she opens a snap in front of me, and it was what looked like a picture of him naked in a foggy mirror. I got pissed and she removed him off everything. Come to find out later he was back on her snapchat, my girlfriend does piercings for money so she said he added her back for a piercing which made sense but i was still upset. Then she let him follow her private instagram (that only like 12 people close to her follow) and followed him back on it. This dude also posts about how lonely he is how needs a girl, and he randomly paid for her uber home from work the other week. Am the asshole? I don’t want to be overprotective or controlling because i’ve never seen her do anything unfaithful, she says she’s loves me but i’m a lost about what to do...
e7wzgz	I've asked a few people and have gotten mixed answers, so here we go.    I have a sleeve started by this artist, she's amazing at what she does with her linework for what I wanted. However, her colours aren't on the same level. They look a bit gritty, but everything else is amazing. There's another tattoo artist who is phenominal with his colours, and what I want done in terns of the colours is right up his alley  WIBTA if i had him finish up my sleeve? He wouldn't touch anything she's done, he'll be putting it right above everything.  Edit: I've read through your guys' responses, I will accept judgement of TA. I didn't think about the fact that my artist may have adjusted the price, or that it may be insulting to them. The colour is 100% optional, without it my sleeve will still look phenominal (everything that's already been done is filled in black, the colour would have been the sky which isn't necessary to pull the piece together) I think what I'll do is just remove that from the equation, I'll still be just as happy with the sleeve. Thank you everyone for your input, especially the tattoo artists/apprentices, you've given me some better insight on this!
e7wz62	So my wife's friend recently went through some hard times and we opened our home to her while she gets back up on her feet. (It's my wife and daughter 2 cats in a 2 bedroom town home). She has pretty big pitbull she decided to bring along that was outside until it started getting cold then she brought the dog inside. Coming from a cat person the dog is very sweet but needs constant attention which can be overwhelming at times. Forward 2 months I haven't seen her take this dog for a walk once. It's tried to escape while she is gone twice now leaving me to chase it down. She comes home from work with snacks and alcohol but has been feeding the dog our leftovers because she keeps forgetting to buy it food which I of course do because I feel bad. She is in a new relationship so she is spending the night and comes home late in the day making me take care of the dog.  AITA for kicking her out over her dog?
e7wynq	So to preface I'm 21 who is going to start working next year after my final year of college, this bank transfer code is called a UPI code in my country and it allows people to send money to any account without any extra verifications or steps from apps like GooglePay.   My brother just started earning from his first job and he lost his card, so he sent me the money and asked me to return it in some time (He didn't block the card and he just sent me the cash to keep safely which I have no problems with)   Now he comes to me and asks me to send him the money and put in the code, all I ask is privacy so I can type the code in, but he doesn't want to give me my privacy. Instead He wants to know my UPI code because he is "family". I understand some people would be ok with it, but I seriously value my privacy and I've always never snooped on someone when they type any sensitive information. I just don't like sharing codes like this with anyone unless it's an emergency (I don't know his bank UPI code btw).  Anyways he fucked up the code the first time and i didn't notice it, so when he gave it to me a second time in my effort to hide and type I screwed my code up and it locked my pin. Now it's no big deal cause I can just transfer the cash to my mother's account and he can take it. But instead he lost his shit, he started shouting "why are you not showing me the code, do you think i'll steal your money ?".  The thing is my parents took his side and told why don't you show him the pin, I don't understand why I need to show someone some private information of mine for no reason. Not like I go around asking him for his email passwords and stuff. In the end he somehow managed to find out my UPI code anyways. So all of this for nothing cause he saw me type it even if i tried to hide it. And yet he says I'm a piece of shit for doing this and basically he ruined my day with his BS for no goddamn reason.   I'm willing to accept my mistake but I honestly feel like this was just something completely unnecessary and could be avoided if he just didn't try so hard to see my damn code which he still found out at the end.  So was I in the wrong ?
e7wy7p	Throwaway account. Okay so a bit of background: last year my fiancé got drunk at my holiday office party (this is not the norm at my work and my work is actually pretty conservative and judgy) My fiancé started behaving embarrassingly with my boss and coworkers, I had to make up an excuse to leave and we then got into a pretty heated fight. He then promised to stay sober for months and I told him he was no longer allowed at my office parties.  Well this year’s holiday party came around and I specifically asked him to not get drunk and please don’t do what happened last year. We have had zero issues with alcohol this year and because I was EXTREMELY hurt from last year’s incidence and it really did take months of mending and he put in the work I extended the invitation to him. Well we get to my holiday party and everything is great! All of a sudden towards the end of the night I can tell my fiancé is tipsy and he is burping (quietly) during conversations and definitely feeling loose. I’m start getting uncomfortable and he then gets up to get another beer.   At this point I realized he had no intentions of stopping. (This was all while we were talking to my boss) After he takes a few sips from his beer I asked him to stop in which he did and then he started downing water.  We left almost immediately after that.  We get in the car and I start asking him if he’s tipsy he then says “I had drinks but I’m fine” his eyes are red and he was clearly tipsy. I then start telling him how this is not okay and he just starts going off about how I’m never happy and he’s not drunk like last year. And how he wouldn’t do the same as last year. I told him that should not be the bar he should be measuring himself. He denies this for about 20 minutes then says he was a bit tipsy. At this point I’m about to end my relationship.   There was no accountability being taken. He seemed more bothered about this and angry than him feeling guilty. There has been no apology. No anything. I’m so hurt and feel so betrayed. And even if he did apologize he still decided to get tipsy at MY WORK event and after what happened the previous year. Am I the asshole?
e7wxao	I’ll start from the beginning. Sorry this is going to get long.   I (16F) have this one classmate (17M) who I’ll be calling Sam. I knew Sam since middle school. So 4 years or so. We talked about comics, games, that sort of stuff. Starting in 7th grade though, he had a crush on me. I should note that during middle school, I was having a rough time and was questioning if I was gay (spoiler alert! I am lol) so I felt really bad that I was unable to return his feelings. Sam confessed, I politely declined and asked that we still be friends. During middle school, he didn’t know I was a lesbian as my school isn’t great and I didn’t want to be out other than with close friends. He finds out in grade 9, as I become more open about it. Sam goes to the same HS as me, that is how he now knows. We’re now in grade 11.   Although I told Sam that I do not feel the same way, he continued making moves since middle school. He’s confessed about 6 times now (including once this year), has asked me out, attempts to be flirty and touchy with me (grabs my hand, hold my face) and I‘ve told him I don’t  feel that way, stop it, I’m gay, etc. When I came out as gay it didn’t happen as much but he says things like “I’m a girl then””You can change your mind” etc. I try to avoid Sam if I can. I’ve told him to back off and he just kinda acts like I am overreacting. We share classes with each other this year so it’s hard to avoid.   Anyways, I’m walking with a new friend during lunch (we’ll call him Mark) and Sam came up in the conversation. Mark was actually asking me if I was okay because I looked really uncomfortable with his jokes during class. I told him I’m okay, but I hate how creepy + weird Sam gets. then we noticed Sam close by at his locker (I couldn’t see him since locker was open) and i could tell he overheard. I felt guilty but felt justified, as I was upset at the moment and do in fact find him creepy. Mark went between us as we kept on walking so nothing was said.   The next day during class, some people who knew me from middle school were upset. They said I hurt his feelings. I defended myself, Mark shares that class with me so he took my side. No one else did.  So what I want to know now is... fellas, am I the asshole?
e7wwuy	So, I commissioned an artist for a piece a while back. If you don't know what commissioning is in art, it's when you get someone to draw something for you. So, this particular artist was cool with me paying after the finished product.  After about a week they say the piece will be done today, after I inquired. In their commission page they said all art would be done within 5 days of messaging them. This is one of the reasons I commissioned them, as this wait time is pretty short for a commission.  Then I heard nothing for three days.  Then, they finally sent me the art after 'forgetting about it', which didn't come off well. Anyway, without making a fuss I paid the price and they said 'thank you, but no tip? :/'   I evidently got pretty pissed off and told them that 1) they shouldn't assume people will tip them and 2) they took longer than expected, there wasn't a reason to tip them and 3) their customer service was pretty ehhh.   AITA?
e7wu0y	I am m(24) woke up with a cold this morning. I feel very congested and tired, and I just want to stay home. But my father has insisted that I attend church this morning demanding that I get out of my pajamas. I complained to my mom only to watch her take his side, telling me it won't be that long. I told her I am sick and I don't want to get other people sick.   My mother then accused me of being selfish because they only ask me to go once a week. Well, I pointed out to her that she had a cold last Sunday, and we didn't push her to go when she didn't want too. She claimed that was different, she is old and I am young. I am not dying so therefore I should go.   As they left, my mother's last resort was that she threatened to not pay my credit card (I graduated a few months ago and am still looking for a job so I haven't able to make much money yet). I just ignored her threat and frankly, I am not too worried, I think I have money stored in the bank somewhere from relatives over the years, if she decides to carry it out.  After they left, I felt kind of bad, maybe I could have gone and just brought a bunch of tissues. I cleared back porch of leaves with a blower to try to make up for it.   So AITA?
e7ws9g	I have an awesome campus job. It's community outreach, so a lot of it is just organizing social events to bring together different communities on campus. It's a great job that I've had for three years. The only problem is that I have a coworker who is really getting on my nerves.   Adam "is screaming" about almost everything. When we have a meeting, he'll say "I'm screaming" for mundane situations like a disagreement about catering or someone expressing a willingness to work extra shifts during finals week. He will say that he is screaming for similarly boring things at least 4 times per meeting and it's started getting on my nerves.  We hosted an event with the LGBT center and, in a dumb youtube video we were watching, someone mentioned being likely to "steal your girl," just to the audience. Adam was offended by the "amatonormativity." He is aromantic (does not experience romantic attraction) and found the insinuation that the audience at large was interested in romantic relationships was offensive.  Both before and after the event, Adam had something scheduled, so he did not help with setup or cleanup. He also booked himself solid during the week between classes and exams, so there were two inconvenient blocks of time during which he could attend an event. When we tried to schedule one in the evening, he said he couldn't go because he would be too sleepy.  Would I be the asshole if I told Adam that he was getting on my nerves? It's nearing finals week, so perhaps I'm being too sensitive, but I'm getting pretty fed up.
e7wqfq	Hiya! On mobile so sorry for any formatting issues!   This girl (C) has been with boyfriend (W) for about a year and he has treated her horribly most of the time. This is what I’ve witnessed: He frequently calls her names ‘goblin’, ‘fatty’, etc. He tells her who she can and cannot be friends with. Whenever she speaks to another guy, he sulks and / or walks off leaving his phone so she can’t contact him. She asked him to stop watching porn and adding those porn snap chat accounts which he hasn’t. When she was getting depressed, he didn’t visit her even though he was close by. He’s insisting she give up her dream to live with him in a different area of the country.   Added to this, he openly mocks the disabled, LGBT+ and women. He stole her little cousin (J, 7YO) biscuits and then ate them in front of him refusing to share. He uploaded nude photos of her to a Facebook group and then tried to show them to her brother (H) and then got angry when H denied the request.   Her uncles, aunts, little cousins all dislike him, her grandparents told her, in front of everyone, to ‘re-evaluate your relationship’, her brother doesn’t like him. At her birthday party, the guy pissed himself and then vomited so she missed her singing and cake which made all her friends say they didn’t like him and want them to break up.  A family friend and her uncle have already told her and her mum that she deserves better and they dislike him.   So what I said!   We were at a party and she was full on flirting with another guy and leading him on and dancing on him and saying she wanted to kiss him, etc. Then afterwards she sat down with me and said:  C: why am I doing this? I love W, I’m happy with W  Me: well, clearly subconsciously you’re not   C: no I am and besides other people flirt in relationships  Me: yes but there’s a difference between flirty and finding someone else attractive and acting on it   C: I love W I’m happy  Me: well, from outside looking in, he’s not nice to you  C: no that’s the way we work, he gets awkward about complimenting me in public   Me: my boyfriend doesn’t compliment me in public but he doesn’t call me horrible names instead of that   C: well, we work and I’m happy and everyone can see it  Me: okay. Well so you’re aware most people in your circle don’t actually like him  Then she walked off. She went over to her mum, dad and family friend started speaking to them. Next morning, she wasn’t speaking to me, nor was her mum. But her dad and the family friend were speaking to me as normal.   My boyfriend, her brother, her uncle, her aunt, some cousins and my family have said I did did the right thing. Her and her mum obviously don’t.   So, Reddit, AITA?   TLDR: I told a girl (C) most of her circle didn’t like her boyfriend because he treats her horribly and frequently mocks the disabled, LGBTQ+ and women. She’s not speaking to me but most others think I’ve done the right thing.
e7wpy2	About a year ago, my best friend of almost a decade and I had a falling out.   Some back story: I was planning my wedding and she was the maid of honor. She was also the one who was supposed to do my makeup for my wedding day. Over the course of my engagement, we drifted further and further apart. She was in a bad LTR and ended up cheating on her boyfriend with a guy she claimed was her soul mate. I love my friend and wanted to be there for her, but I felt wrong about how she didn’t even seem to feel badly about what she’d done.   After that, everything became about the new guy. Just two or three months later she was telling me that she wanted to marry him.  I was glad that she was happy, but I started to feel like I was less important to her now that she had someone else.   She didn’t come to my bridal shower, saying that she couldn’t afford the gas to get there, but that very same day she bought an engagement ring for her boyfriend of three months. She told me she was bringing him to my wedding (told, not asked) even though I had talked with her already about no plus ones. When I expressed to her that I was hurt, she flipped it around by saying SHE was hurt that I didn’t support her engagement to someone she had only known a short time. I told her that I would support her living with the guy as if they were married, but I thought she was making a mistake by wanting to make it official.   She stepped down from being my maid of honor, and then she stepped down from being a bridesmaid all together, and then finally she let me know she would not be attending the wedding.   I had to find a new bridesmaid to fill her spot and I needed a backup for my makeup with little notice. It put more strain on an already stressful time. And these are just the highlights, more went wrong over the year.   After this, we stopped talking altogether. Recently, I saw on social media (through her mother) that her cat died. This cat meant EVERYTHING to my friend. She had the cat since she was a child and she was very attached, and I know she must be devastated over the loss. However, I still feel a little bitter over how everything went down, and I don’t want to be the one to contact her first.   AITA or being too petty? I still love her, but I don’t know if I can put this all aside just yet.   TL:DR my best friend hurt me deeply, but her cherished childhood pet just died. AITA for not reaching out with support and condolences?  Edit: Would it help to mention that, since our falling out, I’ve had my first baby and she didn’t reach out to me? (It’s possible, but unlikely, that she may not know. )
e7wo89	A couple friends and I were waiting in line at a popular bakery in a huge city. The line was out the door. We waited in line for about 15 minutes and I realized that the bakery had an option to do an online order and pick it up in a separate line. (Not all of the bakery’s items were available on the online ordering, but what we wanted was). So I used my phone and placed an order for all of us together and submitted it.  The confirmation said that the order would be ready in 10 minutes. Since we no longer needed to wait in line, we stepped out of the line and went to the online ordering waiting spot. The employee working that line (which was completely empty at the time) saw us step out of line and move to the other line. He said that this line was only for online orders. I told him that I had placed an online order. He told me that he could take 15-30 minutes to finish my order. I replied and told him that my confirmation email said 10 minutes. He was very obviously irritated. He rolled his eyes and walked off. He gestured towards my group several times while preparing orders for people behind the counter and would roll his eyes and huff periodically. 12 minutes later, he boxed my order, put it in a bag and (thankfully gently) tossed it on the counter and said my name. I said “thank you!” And he rolled his eyes and walked off. AITA for taking advantage of the online ordering?  ETA— the guy that was behind the counter was literally doing nothing when I placed the order. He was standing behind the counter playing on his phone. When I placed the order and changed lines, THEN he was suddenly so busy that I was inconveniently taking up his time. I wouldn’t have said anything about the 10 minutes on the email if he hadn’t acted like he was too busy and superior to fill my order. He literally was there to do online orders.
e7wo0e	 I've been best friends with this girl for more than a decade. In 2015 I moved to a different country (UK) all by myself and it was going well for a while. Around late early 2017 I was introduced to cocaine and turned my life around in the worst way possible. In a span of roughly 1.5 years I lost my job, the only girl that cared about me in a romantic way and it got so bad that I realized I wasn't even making rent. This summer I decided that enough was enough, decided I need the support of my family and friends. So I moved back to my hometown. I am a god damn junkie and I'm trying to correct my mistakes and stay the hell away from cocaine at all costs.  This is where the boyfriend enters the picture. They started a long distance relationship about a year ago where they meet in our city every weekend. My best friends place is our usual hangout spot in town. Whenever we meet there, this asshole makes sure to bring coke and tempt me, on purpose. The first time I refused the offer and after he did a couple lines I had to go home since the cravings were too much for me to handle. I didn't say anything to my friend because I felt like I didn't have any saying in a situation where I was a guest.  This happened two more times and again I was able to decline the offer. This time I had a chat with my friend after. I told her very clearly that this was becoming a problem for me and basically told her that I was not gonna be able to be in the same room with the guy and since I don't have a saying when this happens at my friends place, I'm simply not gonna come there anymore. My friend wasn't happy about this and told me that he will make sure the BF will hide his stash whenever we're hanging out at her place and she will tell him to do it only in her room. I told her that's acceptable and agreed that as long as I don't see the stuff with my own eyes I can handle the cravings.  Then came this weekend. We're hanging out at my friends place. I go to the kitchen and there's the piece of shit railing line after line. This time I caved. Snorted 3 massive lines and for half an hour life was great again. Until it wasn't. The only thing the piece of shit told me was "I don't want you blaming us (meaning him and my best friend) for your relapse." I don't blame her you piece of shit, but I certainly blame you.  Today I'm just home with unbearable depressive thoughts stuck in my head. I've been clean for almost 5 months and because of this asshole all that work went down the drain.  At this point, I'm planning on telling her that I refuse to hang out at her place if her boyfriend is there regardless of her and his promises. I am also planning on telling her that he will not be welcome among our circle of friends (they are all with me on this) if he's holding or visibly high, which I'll be explicitly asking no matter where we are.  AITA for planning to have this conversation?
e7wnsn	I know the general consensus is usually NO PLEASE DO THIS in most of these situations however mine is a bit different.  So I dated a guy earlier this year for about two months, and on reflection there were tons of red flags. Lots of lying, lack of communication, not adding each other on social media etc. He told me he had broken up with his gf of two years two months prior to meeting (we met on Tinder).   IMPORTANT TO NOTE!! We actually matched in the winter of 2018 but he explained that he and his gf had been on a ‘break’ then. When I was dating him, I had no reason to not believe him. Naive!!   Just before we ended things, I stayed at his place in the city for a few days. He was generally quite distant, not really into kissing me or sex, quite irritable etc. I put it down to stress from work. I went home on the Friday, shot him a text saying thanks for having me and didnt hear from him all weekend. Now, his communication had been less than stellar prior to this point (resulting in a lot of anxiety for me) but never longer than 24 hours of being left on read. My spidey senses were tingling and I checked his ‘ex’ gfs Instagram story - on there was a photo of the two of them kissing at a party, 100% taken that weekend he ignored me.  I called him Monday like wtf and he told me I couldn’t be mad since I wasnt his gf - bearing in mind he had HEAVILY implied he wanted this to go somewhere previously. He claimed he only kissed his ex but her Instagram story was a photo of a photo booth strip of the two of them, and it was an 80% chance it had been placed on his sofa to take a photo of. Plus, why would she post that on her PUBLIC ig for her friends and family to see if they werent back/getting back together???  Some more points: - Her relationship status on FB was still as in a relationship with him until about a month into us dating - About a month after we split, they have gotten back together   Initially I did not mention anything to her since I thought he was being honest, and also bc I know if i did it would have been done out of spite and for ME. Now looking back I know he was full of shit. He lied about EVERYTHING including a cat he had which actually wasnt even his, for example. Ive moved on entirely from him but I would hate to think that she is being duped by him into believing he is faithful her etc or that he didnt date anyone else between their break up and reconciliation (did they even break up??). I guess i just want to give her a heads up: if she does know and they were broken up, cool! If not, i’d feel bad leaving her in the dark.  Reddit, WIBTA?
e7wnif	My husband and I have been estranged for several years and we have one child together. I am the custodial parent and he has visits twice a month.  When the support order was generated, the medical bills were to be split 60/40 (60% him). I am to provide the main insurance and he is secondary. I usually don’t even bother handing over small copay amounts or small medication amounts because it’s not worth the hassle.  This year, our child needed braces. I paid the entire amount upfront and he is paying me back his percentage in bi-weekly increments.  He asked me for a full itemized, original receipt because he wants to submit it to his insurance for ‘full reimbursement.”  Now, I don’t remember the specifics, but with his job, he can receive a full reimbursement for all medical expenses providing he has an original receipt. This is either directly through the insurance company or an FSA. He told me he will pay me back his 60% but his plan is to submit the entire bill and he wants to keep 100% of the reimbursement, but I disagree because then he’d be getting money back that he didn’t put out, so I am not giving him any receipts.  I am kind of curious if I’m TA here. Thanks.
e7wnh6	Am I the asshole here? Or can someone help me with even what to say back?  *8:31 am*   **Him:** Everton are winning   **Me:** Oh great! They are still in! Who are they playing?  *9:01 am*   **Me:** I bought a new water cooler dispenser and it makes my water tastes like metal. Do you have any solutions? I've ran about 3 gallons through it and it still tastes like it  *5:03 pm*   **Him:** You are such a narcissist sometimes. It's unbelievable  *6:35pm*   **Me:** Metal tasting water is narcissistic?! You usually have good solutions for these things. But, ok.  *9:43 pm*   **Him:** I hadn't finished on something that was important to me before you went into something about yourself. That's narcissist.
e7wmua	I've got a 20 year old BIL that we agreed to let live with us (to get out a bad situation in our home town) under the condition that he pay 300 in rent once he gets established, cleans up after himself maintains a job and is respectful of our space. We got him a job within the first few days of him being here (in August) and he got fired two weeks ago because he couldn't get off his phone. He has not cleaned up after himself and his room is disgusting. He isn't very respectful either. The last two weeks he has made no effort to get a job his rent and other bills are over due and this morning he asked me for cash I told him no which he got pissed over because he's out of smokes and doesn't have enough gas to go to the skate park. He then makes a mess of cereal on my couch even though I have a no food on the couch rule and when asking him to clean up after himself and not eat on the couch he throws a fit. I tell him I need to speak with him and he tells me he doesn't want to hear my shit. I started yelling at him (not screaming or being very loud but being rather stern) I told him he needs to clean up after himself clean his room start showering and being respectful and pay rent by the 14th or he is out. He then called me a bitch which got my husbands attention even more and they are now fighting outside. There is a lot of back story about how bad he is but too much for the character count. So AITA for yelling at him/being stern with him? This has been going on for weeks.
e7wlw6	It’s gotten cold here, and my wife has her own clothes to wear. Although she’s someone who picks style over comfort.   Anyway growing up, I had to share clothes. I hated it and told myself I’d never do it again or had my kids do it. I just didn’t like it and don’t like other people’s hair on my clothes or body stuff. I’m not a germ freak or anything, just don’t want people wearing my clothes.   My wife keeps wearing stuff that’s mine like a sweatshirt or something right after she cleans it. She told me my stuff is more comfortable and keeps her more warm. So what?? I don’t go around wearing her stuff.  She told me I’m making a big deal about this. And it’s not like she’s wearing my underwear. I still find it annoying.
e7wltl	I moved in with my gf a month after graduation and so far we have used the rule of if you cook th other cleans up, I love cooking and she really doesn't like it. now we got a place with her friend ,it started slowly at first ode cook and they'd leave it a few days before doing the dishes. days turned to a week and ide complain making me the bad guy. this continued for a few months now I've gotten ill and can't cook properly and hygenically so I said you cook and she made some awful pork chops and chips. I then bought pizza for us for th next few days as no-one had done any dishes it's been like a week or so since anyone did any dishes.  now anytime I bring it up she gets insanely aggressive and her friend backs her up (living in a house with two women ain't easy).  am I the asshole for asking them to do dishes?  tldr:gf and friend I live with don't do dishes gets taste of ow medicine become insanely aggressive when confronted.  edit: I'm the one who buys groceries as the other two dont have jobs and don't buy food.
e7wkpo	(Some background about my family) I am the eldest out of 4 siblings (18F) and also the most fluent English speaker in my family besides my dad. Our mother tongue is Tamil, and my father is a huge advocate of the Tamil language and so all of us studied in a Tamil primary school. He also wanted us to be good in English so me and my 1st sister (17F) studied in an English medium kindergarten and during this time we spoke only English with our dad and Tamil with our mom and each other. He stopped this when we entered Tamil primary school.  Problem: Today, after her 8 hour long job, my sister and my dad had been talking about some stuff and she randomly used the word 'work' in English during the conversation which is pretty common word, instead of using the word 'work' in Tamil. My dad gets pissy about this because it's such an easy word in Tamil why use the English word instead of the Tamil word? He then presses about Tamil language this and that (it's one of the oldest languages in the world so he's proud of that) and condemned her for saying a English word while speaking Tamil because to him, she's forgetting her mother language and just basically upsets her.   (work = வேளை/ veyh-lai)   My sister left her food half uneaten, isolated herself in a room and was crying. After I noticed that she was being sad I made a beeline to my mom and asked her what happened. She tells me this happened between them and I immediately get very angry because wtf, this is such a small thing to argue about??!?! I went and tried to talk to my sister but she was still upset and wouldn't talk to me, so I went ahead and confronted my dad.   I asked him why he scolded her, and he asked me why couldn't my sister just speak proper Tamil and why is she butchering the languange using random English words. I asked him since WHEN was this a problem for him because I actively use English words when I talk Tamil, and told him if he scolded her for saying a random English word, then I should be the one more deserving to get scolded by him because I speak it very often and even use complex English words when I don't know it's equivalent in Tamil.   I also commented on how unfair it is that he scolded her about this issue when she studied Tamil more than me and we also speak our mother tongue at home by default, it's not like we're ashamed or embarrassed to speak Tamil or don't want to. We're all proud of it, but sometimes as a multilingual person you just can't help but slip in some English words here and there. And I also don't get why he got pissy for this when he was the one who also wanted us to be good English speakers. He eventually admitted that he was in the wrong, but he said that he still doesn't like it when we use English words here and there when speaking Tamil, which I DID NOT know was bothering him till now.   AITA for arguing with my dad over such a trivial, miniscule issue?
e7wfoz	Thursday night before one of my finals, a girl in my group project for another course (444) offered to send me question banks that are apparently very similar to old and current textbook MCQ. Friday night I texted her asking if she could send me the question bank, she said yes, and I’ve gotten nothing since. I asked her this morning where she got them from (so I could get them myself) and she says she got them from a friend, and doesn’t know where they got them from. Our final is in a little over a week, but I have 2 other finals before that one which I also need to study for. Am I the asshole for asking her again and again to send the notes she offered to send in the first place?
e7wagh	I work day shift in nursing-the night shift charge nurse decides who gets what patients during the day so there's no conflict of interest. They then print out assignments, write them on the board, post the print outs at the nursing station, and put them on the back of pagers-this way if you need a staff member for a room you can check for their name for the paperwork/to page them etc.  My name is Arabic in origin despite me being Latina due to demographic reasons in my country- it's long but not difficult to pronounce, like Tasmiyyah but starting with a Q. Today, when I came in to work, the night shift charge nurse had written Quesadilla on everything, instead of my name, which is on the census already for reference.  I got angry and asked if he was serious. He justified it saying my name was very difficult and I said it was right there for him to copy and how was anyone supposed to put my name on boards papers etc for patients if it's such an obviously fake name. I was especially annoyed since I'm Latina so this felt like a cheap shot.  He said it was just a joke and I said I was glad he thought it was funny. He changed it but made a big deal out of making me spell it for him when he could've just copied it from census.  This went down at huddle so it was not in front of any patients but was in front of night and day shift staff. No one said anything, in my defense or otherwise, including my day shift charge nurse. A couple coworkers told me afterwards they "got it" but it wasn't a big deal and was just a joke and I shouldn't let things like that bother me. I'm thinking about reporting him to HR.  For reference, I've had issues with other charge nurses misspelling my name, sometimes hilariously so, and it doesn't bother me. I just fix it.
e7wabf	I need to vent is here it goes…  Me (F17) and my boyfriend (M17) have been dating for a little over a year now but have basically grown up together since our parents are in an extremely close circle. Everything’s going great and he admitted that he was in love with me for a while and wanted to spend the rest of his life with me. I thought things would go amazing with his mom as it had been before but noticed how she would go out of her way to make me uncomfortable. Recently I heard from a trusted friend that she had been calling me vain (not true) and a slut that had herpes (also not true, your son took my virginity mam) to all her friends, I was hurt but didn’t let it bother me at first because I eventually thought “what’s the harm?? Is Karen Martha and Patricia going to douse me in essential oils and light me on fire, no it’s fine who cares, no need to worry my boyfriend over that”  But things really got bad when we were at a barbeque on Friday, I wanted to leave early because I had a bad migraine, so he left his plate of food and insisted to drive me home. His mother then made a big deal and called after him from across the park saying, “but you haven’t finished your food” and decided to follow us. As we were getting into the car she said to his son “you better get tired of her now before she does what her family does best!” and stormed off. My parents had a rocky marriage because of ongoing affairs they had with each other, to which they confided in my boyfriend’s mother thinking she was a close friend. I felt slapped in the face and didn’t say anything back to the person who I thought was a trustworthy adult from when I was younger. During the car ride home we got into a heated argument because I was angry that he didn’t stand up for me at that moment, he told me that it doesn’t matter, there was no reasoning with her and that because he’s been saving up for our future together I won’t even have to worry about her in a short while, I felt like he kept dismissing my hurt feelings over and over again so when he dropped me off I told him that maybe we just shouldn’t have a future together and left.   I feel horrible for ignoring his calls and messages ever since but I can’t help but get angry that he wouldn’t make an effort to defend me at all and showed no remorse for it, I would have stood up for him the other way around. AITA guys?
e7w74h	So usually when it comes to tattoo thievery, for me its cut and dry. Don’t steal original pieces of artwork, and thats usually the general consensus amongst people who get tattoos/don’t get their tattoo ideas from Pinterest. Here its a bit more complicated because I haven’t gotten the tattoo yet so Idk if I am the asshole or not.  So awhile ago I posted several references tattoos on my finsta and asked my artist friends if anyone would want to commission an original design using the general concept, I got several offers, and just in general my friends were commenting on the post. My friend, who we’ll call Lisa, sent me the the post and we talked about it because Im the one who got her interested in tattoos and even told her which artist to get her first tattoos from.  Heres where the trouble arises. I posted the pic around two months ago, I haven’t gotten it yet because the meaning is pretty significant to me so I’ve been shopping around for artists who I would be confident giving the concept to. Last night Lisa sent me a tattoo design that is the same exact concept as the one I posted, she literally took two of my reference images I posted and photoshopped them together. She plans on getting it done as a Friday the 13th sale by an artist who just completed their apprenticeship and has really low rates (her tattoo would be around $40 and simple). If you know anything about Friday the 13th tattoos, usually you choose from a catalog of tattoos but this artist, is doing very small original designs. (For the record Im not dissing her choice in artists, I actually recommended them to Lisa because they did really small tattoos for me as well)   Heres where I don’t know if I’m the asshole:  -I didn’t come up with the concept myself obviously, so its not like shes ripping of *my* artistic integrity, but I still feel annoyed because Im definitely the one who introduced the concept to her.   -Shes getting the tattoo on Friday the 13th which is very soon, I still haven’t gotten mine, while Ive narrowed down my list of tattoo artists, the tattoo will require a decent amount of planning and traveling on my part so its not like shes copying a design thats already on my body.  -Every other tattoo shes gotten have been popular tattoos shes gotten off of Pinterest (her parents astrological sign, “G > ^ v”, and angel wings w/halo) and this is her first “original” design that shed be getting. On the other hand, this is also the first tattoo that shed be getting that would carry no specific meaning to her. (she knows what meaning it carries for me)   TL;DR: My friend showed me a tattoo concept thats the exact same as the one that I showed her two months ago. WIBTA if I told her I appreciated if she didn’t get it?
e7w6zs	I'm currently 16 and I am half way through the confirmation process. I was forced to start 'CCD' classes last year even though I repeatedly told my parents I do not believe in any religion and I especially do not want to be affiliated with the Christian church. The 'CCD' classes last year were filled with videos of the same creepy guy saying the same thing in every video, "If you don't accept Jesus into your lives, your lives will SUCK." The atmosphere of that particular church rendered that of a cult.   Now that 'CCD' is starting again, I've gone to my parents on multiple occasions to tell them I do not want to be confirmed. Yet they reply with the same thing every time, "What if you love a woman who wants to be married in a church?" or "everyone in this family has been confirmed and yet you don't want to, what's so different about you?" They always fail to provide any reasoning as to why I MUST be confirmed. I personally find it disrespectful to those who believe in Christianity to induct myself into a religion which I quite honestly despise.   I told my parents I'm not going to any 'CCD' classes this year and do not want to be confirmed as I do not believe in the religion, or any religion in that matter.   AITA for not wanting to be confirmed into a religion that I not only don't believe in, but dislike heavily?  INFO: I should add my family has never been heavily religious, we only really went to church on holidays and rarely said prayers together.
e7w5ip	So last year when I was desperately looking for good child care for my 4 mo son my neighbor offered to take care of him for affordable price. I was happy since it was very convenient.   However the 1 week my son was with the neighbor it was horrible. She constantly complain how that he cries or wants constant attention or doesn’t sleep a lot. He is a baby that’s what baby do. At work she will send me videos and photos of him crying. Her constant complain was giving me so much anxiety the whole point of her is to give me peace of mind.  After 1 week of this I found another babysitter which worked out great. Neighbor was actually happy to get rid of my kid.   Recently neighbor contacted me saying they would like to list me as reference for any kids she would wanna babysit in future.   I have kept a very cordial relationship with her since she is my neighbor so I don’t know how to say yes. She basically didn’t give me an option of saying no just a heads up    Wibtah if I give her not great review if someone contacts me about it ?
e7w3me	WIBTA for wanting to ask my husband to take a break from giving me gift cards for my birthday or Christmas? For the last few years, my husband has given me a gift card to Amazon, Sephora, or target and I am debating about talking with him about how I would like a more traditional gift this Christmas. I am torn between “it’s the thought that counts” and my feeling that gift cards to stores I routinely shop in for household items does not involve much thought. A gift card to something unique or somewhere just for me would be nice, an experience like zip lining or a spa would be great!  Some possibly important background-We both work full time and have similar commutes, we have been married for 15 years, have had joint accounts since before we were married, and I always give him a wrapped gift that is for him. We both like the same sports teams and I like wearing team logoed gear or going to games.  It feels odd to me that he is essentially giving me money that I already had access to to spend in a store that I shop in for toiletries or household items.     I am very curious to hear other’s thoughts on this and thank you for your help!
e7vvaq	First off, I never really got along with this person. I don't agree with his religious videws, his moral standpoint, and basically his entire thought process. However, a couple of friends encouraged me to increase my tolerance and essentially try to be friendly with him. For a while, it worked. He's a really nice person with a good head on his shoulders. I just don't agree with him on anything he talks about. When I bring this up, politely of course and try to change the topic, he gets very pissy and makes a borderline scene. Even his friends say he's a tad bit over the top. Lately I've been ghosting him and minding my own business but now he comes over to my dorm(my suitemates let him in which I fixed asap) saying things like he misses hanging out. I genuinely don't care for him anymore and want to just be rid of him but I think he's too dense to understand. Yeah this part sounds a bit asshole-ish but I'm pretty blunt and cannot figure out a more tactful way to phrase this. So reddit AITA, if so, how much of TA am I. Please be nice and don't misunderstand the first half of my schpiel. I am by no means discriminatory against religions of any nature. There are tenets that I don't agree with. Please do not message me angrily. I'm just an indian dorm student trying to get some work done and be rid of an annoyance at this point... Thanks all.
e7vqau	This might be a bit hard to explain to you, but here goes.  My grandmother will not stop talking about religion. She has told me since my childhood about how much God loves me and how I'm perfect the way I am, fair enough, right? No. I'm athiest. Always have been. I have told her this many times and her response is always the same: "Nonsense!".   On top of this she has texted me around once a week with every other message ending with "God loves you!".  She has no respect for my personal life or my medical history (I have deppression and anxiety). More often than not, she has told her friends (whom  I barely know) about how I'm staying home from school because of my depression. It should come as no surprise that I don't appreciate it.  She has also told me all of the following:  •You are only depressed because you want to. •God can help you with anything you want as long as you let him! •Maybe you should have a foster family.  Even when doing all of the above she has the gall to say she only wants the best for me. Would it be bad to cut her off if this continues?
e7vkkf	I have a regular hairstylist I’ve been going to for years. I trust her to not butcher my hair when I ask for a trim like I have with other people in the past. I usually get a trim $65 (pricey yes) and sometimes I’ll do toner which starts at $65 and that’s how much I get charged for the toner. For the first time with her I asked her to dye my natural dark brown/black hair a light brown. Mind you, I hadn’t used toner with her in over a year. She and her boss were trying to figure out which color to use on my hair because they weren’t sure if it’ll hold. Color comes out and it’s hard to tell in a salon. I didn’t look too much at it (my mistake) I was ridiculously charged $160 for the hair color, when the hair color starts at $90. She used two bowls of color only. She claimed she used 6 tubes of color which I find it hard to believe but I don’t know. I was charged $230 for the haircut/hair color. Once I get home I see that my ends don’t even look colored. Top is light brown and ends are dark. It’s definitely noticeable. I called the manager which told me I’d have to take it up with stylist. Stylist was saying she’d fix it but making it sound like I have to pay more. It’s insane IMO and a really bad experience. WIBTA if I demand she fix her mistake?   TLDR: charged a ridiculous amount of $$$ for terrible color results. Might’ve been ripped off price wise for color, and she did a terrible job at color. Want her to fix her mistake
e7vjox	I (14m)  have a friend (14f)  who always stares at my phone so one time I called her out and she said sorry and claimed she won’t  do it again.  Fast forward to today and I am looking at my phone texting a  friend and  she comes from behind without me noticing and she’s saying the name of the friend I’m texting so I get mad and I yell at her and she says because I held my phone at eye hight she saw my phone and I think it’s not a good reason. So reddit am I the asshole for yelling at my friend? Ps I’m not a native English speaker so sorry if the grammar is incorrect or spelling is incorrect.
e7vh7c	ok, so this takes a bit of backstory to understand. tl:dr at the bottom.   about 6 months ago I had to get teeth pulled. it was only supposed to be 2 but the dentists lied and said "we need to pull 4 teeth on the top because the adult teeth are about to come in. (6 months later they just barely started to come in) they took out my canines and one of each set of premolars on the top, making me have 4 teeth in front and behind them a gap.    backstory ends   so school starts up, and about 2 months in (September) my girlfriend starts calling my bunny occasionally. now, I was (and still am, but less) self-conscious about my teeth and how they looked, so when she starts calling my bunny, I naturally hate it. I know she means it in a "cutesy" and "nicknamey" way but I hate it a lot. I've asked her to stop calling me bunny multiple times.  aita?  tl:dr : dentists lie, pull 4 top teeth, gf starts calling me bunny, i ask her to stop, she says she means it in a "cutesy" way.
e7vbgi	My lease was up with my old roommate and so I moved into the house my boyfriend is living at with another couple. In the last month that I’ve lived here I’ve become very uncomfortable because of how dirty and inconsiderate his roomates are.. leaving every dish and pot in the sink long enough for mold to be growing.. stuffing the fridge so full that I can’t even grocery shop because there is no room for my produce.. piling stuff all over the couch and counter top that there is no room to sit or exist outside of my bedroom.  My boyfriend has already agreed to live there for another year but I really just want to feel comfortable in my living space as I feel it’s very important for my mental health.  I also want the experience of living alone before I settle down (we are both 25).  WIBTA if in a few months I found a one bedroom for myself and moved out?e7v7tu	I apologize for this being so long:   I have this friend who really likes me, but I very recently cut my ex out of my life and I’m still trying to move on from it, and so am currently not looking for a relationship. My friend knows this, as I’ve confided to him about my feelings and struggles with my ex. He’s told me he likes me, but I’ve been very upfront about the fact that it isn’t mutual. I was worried that it would affect the friendship, and gave him space because I knew he was probably hurting.  However, after I cut my ex out of my life, he’s been asking me out again and again and being extra nice to me (for example, letting me wear his jacket, buying me food and snacks and little treats, and generally acting like my boyfriend) and this makes me uncomfortable as I feel he’s trying to direct our friendship to a direction that I don’t want it to go. I got even more uncomfortable when, the other day, he tried to kiss me. I immediately pushed him away and lashed out at him, saying that he isn’t being considerate of my feelings. I’m currently filled with guilt, because he was being so nice to me, and I don’t know if my reaction was warranted or not.  A part of me feels that it’s justified, because I’ve repeatedly asked him to stop buying me things, because it makes me feel guilty, and so I’ve tried paying him back, but he refuses to take my money. I’ve also made it clear to him multiple times that I don’t see him in that way.  The other part of me feels that I was being a huge bitch, because he’s been nothing but nice to me and I don’t know if Its unfair of me to not even give him a chance. I feel so guilty.   TLDR; friend who I’ve rejected multiple times tried to make a move on me after I cut my ex out of my life. I lashed out at him for it and now I feel guilty.