e8u8w6	So 2 things to note here... firstly, my first name is Michael. That's what I go by. Michael.   Secondly, my last name is very weird, very German, and most people have no idea how to pronounce it.   So here's the thing. When I'm at say... a doctor's office, waiting to be called in the waiting room, I totally understand people not wanting to butcher my last name and choosing to call my first name instead. But AITA if I get agitated when they call me "Mike" instead of "Michael?"  My name isn't "Mike," after all.  I'll typically let people call me that if they ask first, but we're perfect strangers, here. Doesn't it seem a little rude to be calling me by a nickname right off the bat? I mean, if the chart said "Anthony" on it, would you go blurt out "Tony?" Or call William "Bill?"
e8u6o2	This morning I reached a breaking point when I came home from a 12 hour night shift, narrowly avoided a 4-car collision after spinning out on the highway during my hour long commute, and opened the door to my apartment only to find the same mess that's been there all week.   I (26f) have asked my husband (30m) to clean the living room about 8 times this week. There are unopened Amazon packages and detritus from his various hobbies all over the floor and he has been leaving hoodies and jackets on the couch.   I also asked him to take out the trash last night. There's a dumpster in the lot of our building so it's not timebound, but I had noticed the can was full. I am generally sluggish from sleep deprivation, so I ended up asking him 3 times to tidy up the living room and take out the trash. He got annoyed and insisted he would do both tasks.  He suffered multiple concussions in his youth, between being a hyperactive child in a rural area and then a hyperactive recruit in basic training. He's incredibly intelligent, doggedly willful, and terrifyingly enthusiastic (but only for things that genuinely interest him). His short term memory is terrible. He's basically the human version of a Belgian malinois.  I work 60 hours a week at a high-paying job (plus a 60-70 minute commute). These hours are the norm at my workplace which is fine by me because I'm saving up to buy us a house. My husband works 40 hours a week at a menial job with a 10 minute commute. I currently cover all of our bills, rent, groceries, and gas because he's saving his money to pay for trade school. We just got approved for his student loan, and we'll be splitting the payments 50/50.  Since I'm the breadwinner and work way more hours, he has agreed to take on the brunt of the housework. He's usually really good about getting it all done, plus he dotes on me before I leave for work with coffee, back rubs, and packed lunches. He also takes care of our two rabbits (both 2f). I just have to clean their litterbox.   However, he needs constant reminders to do things and some messes are invisible to him. For example, he has never cleaned the stovetop. I try to praise him for what he does and avoid criticizing him, but I can't relax with clutter in my living space. My job leaves me physically and mentally drained and I just want to come home to a clean and tidy space so I can relax. When I reach my days off I end up frantically rushing to make things right so I can be at peace. Filth and chaos just don't affect my husband that much.  So this morning, I cleaned the buns' litter box, placed the refuse in a plastic bag, tied the top securely, and put that shit in the jacket my husband left on the couch. He won't forget to take out the trash tonight.   AITA?
e8u3ic	Howdy y'all  To keep it short my gf is currently working at a job for almost 3 years out of college. She makes decent money but she hates her boss, hates the long hours, weekend work and the lack of friendly co-workers to hang with. She is always saying she wants to get a new job but is in love with the idea of being a baker or some sort of craftsy job but doesnt put in the effort to better her skills or find a new vocation. If she is not going to chase her dreams the least she could do is do the same thing at a hopefully better work environment for hopefully better pay. I found a job opening that is in her somewhat niche profession that sounds like a major upgrade for her: working conditions, pay etc however she immediately disregared it without looking at the job/company at all. WIBTA if i submitted her resume without her knowing? If she heard back that they are interested it might actually motivate her to either follow up or apply elsewhere. She is someone that needs alot of motivation to change and I have been giving her job ideas for months but to no avail.   Thanks for taking the time to respond!
e8tzka	Me and my friends were at a pub drinking as we finished our end of term exam. We were all telling jokes and having fun in general, I made a joke about Pakistanis. My friend (Let's call him John) is from there and he got pissed off even though he made mixed race jokes about me. I said a joke about a car full of pakis got hit by the C2C and I sent off my application.   The rest laughed at my joke while he was angry. John said that I was out of order for that joke. John said that I was a dickhead and just left. I asked my friends if I was a cunt for that joke and they said that he should take what he gives out. I felt the same way and we just carried on drinking.   I tried calling him today and send him a message on Snapchat but he ignored it and I saw him open my message. We were friends for about 2 years and I always see him almost every day. He isn't even answering my friends calls.  AITA?
e8ttry	So my husbands family decided to do a yankee swap/chinese gift exchange this year where you bring a gift, draw #s and steal gifts from eachother. The family is only 6 people (i dont think this is enough for a gift exchange but thats beside the point), and the limit is $50.  Money is really tight for myself and husband right now, i'm on maternity leave with our 4 month old son. We likely will only spend $50 on eachother. I feel like if i end up with something i dont want or need, it will be a waste of $50.  I want to buy a humidifier for it, would be handy to have around for baby colds. I dont think my SIL/BIL would take it as they have a good one.  Thing is, i think my MIL will be offended/annoyed if we take our own gifts, she takes the holidays/games very seriously. I also dont have a great relationship with her.... Maybe im overthinking this (sleep deprivation/mom brain here)
e8tsoc	Backstory: My fiancé and I got engaged after 3 months of knowing each other and everybody told us it was too soon but they supported us as long as we decided on a long engagement.   Now, His little sister is engaged to a guy she’s known for only 2 months and they are getting married in 20 days. Everybody is supporting them because, “if they really want to do it, they’re going to do it regardless.”  She’s not pregnant, she just says that she wants to start her life with him.   My fiancé and I talked about it and neither of us support it. We think she is completely caught up in the moment and that she was tired of hearing all about our engagement and wanted some of that attention. We don’t think she realizes how big of a commitment she is making when she barely even knows the guy.    Are we the assholes for not attending?  Edited to add: we’ve been together for over a year now and still have another year until we get married and it was my decision to have a lengthy engagement and not get married right away.
e8tpjf	Edit: threw OUT* a diaper beside my head  Throwaway simply because I don't want people digging through my history to use things against me.  Trying to be as objective as possible.    So I'm having lunch with some friends at a park yesterday and nearby us theres a family having a picnic with their baby. We're minding our own business and them theres. Suddenly one of the parents comes over to the bench where we're sitting and throws out a diaper in the garage can near where I'm sitting, a couple feet away. I see them approaching with the diaper and pause to watch and sure enough they threw it right out next to me. All I do is interrupt what I had been saying to my friend and say "Thats disgusting are you kidding me?". Didnt expect anyone to care.   Suddenly the parent stops and says "sorry were you talking to me?" I didn't want to get into it but literally seeing a shitty diaper thrown out just a few feet from my head and sandwich made my lunch feel rotten in my mouth so I said casually "I just think you didn't need to throw out a shitty diaper right next to my head". The parent rolls their eyes and said "it wasnt even poop so you'll be okay". I say that's not true because I can smell shit but theyre already walking away shaking their head and I can see them go sit back with the other parent and obviously tells them what happened because I see them look over with an audible "seriously dude?" now everyone is looking at me and my friends are telling me to drop it. I say I guess no one cares that my lunch is ruined because we're all siding with the parents here.   The parents dont say anything else to me and my friends tell me to drop it but I'm pissed that my lunch is ruined so I throw the rest of it out.   I might be the asshole here. As we leave I was still mad so when we pass the park I say something like "I guess we all have to cater to people with babies now". One of the parents goes "seriously?" again as we pass and my friend apologies to them and tells me to drop it. I don't say anything else.   My side is that I should be able to eat my lunch in public without someone tossing out shit right beside me. Families have the right to public spaces too but so do regular people. They could have just as easily bagged the diaper up and thrown it out in a bathroom or somewhere more appropriate.    I made a joke about it as we go to lunch today that hopefully I can eat this time without shit sitting next to me and my friend told me again that I need to get over it and that they said it wasnt even poop but I'm not going to sift through the garbage to find it and prove myself right. I believe I'm in the right to expect some courtesy in a public space but my friends told me to shut up about it. So go ahead and give me a fair judgement - AITA?  EDIT: just want to add that ours was the only free bench big enough for myself and my friends
e8tp2u	I have a friend, Ashley, who I met through mutual friends (Denise and Ana).  Earlier in the year I noticed she deleted her Facebook. I messaged her if everything was okay. I didn’t receive a response. Why was I being ghosted? I decided to move on and if she wanted to reach out to me she will. Then a month ago she adds me on Facebook. I added her then noticed her location said Texas. I thought, “did she really move?”. I messaged her. Sure enough she did move. When I messaged her she said it was all last minute. I found out through Denise and Ana that they did know.  Last week Ashley texted me that she will be in town and that we can meet up. Friday comes and she sends a group message to me, Denise and Ana and says she is boarding and “can’t wait to see all of us this weekend”. We all reply with our safe travels and can’t wait to see you messages. The group chat went dead after that. Ashley didn’t text us that she arrived or if we can meet her someplace. Naturally, I thought she was busy with family and I totally understood this. I kept my phone by me all weekend in case. I even told my husband on Saturday that I wanted to reach out to Ashley because I’m keeping my weekend open and didn’t hear anything from her. My husband said not to and that if Ashley wanted to reach out to me, she would. I said okay and left it that way. She didn’t message me all weekend.  I was feeling very down about all of this Sunday morning. I texted Ana and asked if she saw Ashley and she said yes. She said she met her at the airport. Then I asked if Denise saw her. She said yes. I messaged Ashley right after and said "Hey girl. I know your super busy this weekend with your visit. I was waiting for you to give me details on Friday. I would have met up with you". No response.  After I sent that message she texted the group chat that she created on Friday and said “So sorry I didn’t spend a lot of time with all of you. Happy Holidays”. I didnt respond. Later on in the day She said, “I’m so sorry. I sent my arrival details on Friday and thought you would reach out if you had time. I know you're always busy and didn’t want to bother you”.  But she didn’t send any arrival details in the group message if that is what she is referring to. Next off, she left the state without even telling me a thing and she expected ME to reach out to HER to meet up this weekend? She is the one who left town! And I found out through Facebook! So yesterday morning Ashley sent me a text. It said "Hey girl. I'm reaching back out to you because I didn't receive a response from you on Sunday. I'm hoping we are still okay. I hope I didn't upset you or offend you. A lot happened this weekend that I didnt expect. A lot of my initial plans were put off and I apologize if I offended you. Love you".  WIBTA if I ghost her? I just really feel she is playing games with me. For my mental health, I want to cut off contact with her.
e8to7v	So my wife and I watched the in-laws cat while they were moving, long story short we are now proud owners of a new cat.  We did not discuss any info regarding cat duties, because we were not really anticipating on actually keeping this cat (although we were debating on getting a cat prior to this).  We all like this cat, it's a good cat as far as they go.  I enjoy having this cat around, and it treats the kids well.    My wife pointed out that I have never changed the litter box, and I explained that I never intend to.  I would be fine with the cat going outside and using the open world (it's an inside cat without front claws (don't persecute me, I didn't declaw the cat, but I understand why they chose to.  Quite frankly as much as I like this cat, I would be fine giving it a new home to someone that wants to take care of it's litter box.  Essentially, I am willing to take all the benefits of the cat, but I don't want responsibility over this thing.  I was fine without having animals in our house (I love dogs, but don't even want the responsibility of one anymore).    This truly isn't a tit for tat, but I will say when we had our two dogs for several years, I was the one who went out and cleaned up their crap before I mowed the yard.  I will just end it saying that my kids give me enough responsibility in life, I just don't want any more to deal with (concerning living beings).  I am not a complete dink, if my wife went away for a week for whatever reason, I would deal with the cat box.  Am I an AH to my poor wife?  I really feel like we dropped the ball on communication here.  TLDR: Wife and I got a cat, it's a great cat, but I would rather re-home it then clean it's litter box.  We did not discuss this before deciding to keep the cat (which should have been obvious).  My wife was the one who ultimately wanted a cat, I was more then fine not getting any more animals.
e8tkrh	My supposed best friend met this actor last week. He’s in a couple movies like Jigsaw and he plays a part in the show Roots. They started seeing each other but he’s only in Toronto until December 11th.   Let me give you some background info. We went to the club with him, and as we were driving home, we saw him going home with another girl that wasn’t my friend. Off the bat I think he’s an asshole. She off the bat was head over heels for him and has some serious feelings for him. I tried to tell her that it’s not serious and she is his play thing in Toronto til he goes back to LA.   Some more bkgnd info, my friends birthday was in November and I booked off 3 days off work and spent $400 on bottles, hotel etc etc.   Another thing, my friend lives 40 minutes away from me and doesn’t drive. I work in her town, so I drive 40 minutes to work everyday. Sorry this is all over the place, you’ll understand soon.   Fast forward. My birthday was Friday. I never really had clear plans for my birthday, if I wanted to go clubbing or not, or what I wanted to do forsure as I worked early every morning. A clear plan was my friend was supposed to come to dinner with me and my mom on the Friday. I finished work at 2. She didn’t book off my birthday and was done work at 5. I went home. She wanted me to drive from work-home-back to her town to pick her up-bring her to my town for dinner(all the resos in her town were booked-back to her town so she can catch the subway and go to the actors house. I told her that is so much driving for one day and if we can reschedule til Saturday, the next day. She was off work and I finished at 2 so I could easily pick her up on the way home. She told me she can’t cause she’s going out with the actor. I told her you saw him the day before my birthday, on my birthday, and you want to see him the next day? You can’t tell him that you have to reschedule? I said this in the nicest way possible. I explained to her that I should have seniority over a guy you met last week and is leaving next week? She immediately got defensive and started to swear and tell me off on my birthday. She told me that since I had no solid plans for my birthday she was of course going to make plans with somebody else. I continued to try and explain why it’s wrong, and she kept going off on me. She was gaslighting. I stopped responding. I removed her all my social media.   Am I the asshole? I feel like I deserve some sort of seniority and respect over this guy. The hurt I felt from this was honestly too much for me to want to rekindle and be friends again. At this point it felt like she was making him a priority. This is an unbiased story, and I just need some outside opinions on if I’m being crazy?
e8tjlo	I just started this new job back in September.  It's probably the best paying job I've ever had and it's been going fairly well.  At the moment, I wish there was more work to do but we're going into the holiday season so that seems to be impacting the amount of work available.  There's three of us on the team currently, with one vacancy.  There's myself, my team lead and the manager.  For the most part, I enjoy my co-workers and find their personality quirks to be rather charming.    Anyway, apparently the manager loves to decorate the cubicle area for Christmas, in fact there's an office-wide competition which I didn't know about. At my office, we are sectioned into an area with four adjoining cubicles, no barriers in between the immediate cubicles.  The manager comes in later so she decorates after me and the team lead leave for the day.    Each morning I come in there's another layer of decor - there's a full-sized Christmas tree that blocks one of the cubicles (but no one uses that one) and a fake wooden chimney that blocks one of the computers that we're all supposed to use on a daily basis, now there's Christmas lights that dangle from the ceiling and reach all the way to our desks (I'm guessing they dangle four feet down from ceiling to desk).  I have lights dangling on my monitors and the overhead cabinets for storing office supplies.  Bleeding out into the hall is a full-sized cardboard moose, presents, fake clouds, snow, cardboard Christmas trees and a cardboard Christmas cabin with Santa.  Needless to say, it's getting a little ridiculous and for me completely unprofessional.    I know that it's fun to decorate for the holidays but this is also a professional office!  I'm trying to not be an Ebeneezer Scrooge but seeing twinkle lights all around my monitors is grating on my nerves.  Anyway, I'm not sure what to do as this is a manager doing it and she's been here for a long time and is apparently legendary for her "over-the-top" holiday decorations.  I've made comments to her about how this seems a bit much but she just laughs it off.  My team lead just shrugs it off when I ask him about it.  Other employees from other teams constantly drop by and say that it seems a bit much as well albeit jokingly.    AITA if I escalate this to HR? Or should I just suffer through it until the season is over?
e8tiyz	I know this isn’t nearly as big a topic as other stories on here but I really wanted more opinions.  My friend has really really bad eczema. She’s had a very bad body image for a long time due to it and recently it’s been even worse due to some people talking behind her back. Recently (this week), she’s started a new oral medication. Before this week she had only ever used topical treatments.  This oral medication has A LOT of steroids. It also has a lot of serious side effects such as insomnia, short temperedness, mood swings, etc. She has to carry around a blue card advising people that she’s on very high steroids. She’s been very nervous and torn up about this because she doesn’t want to blow up on any of our friend group. The thing is, this medication makes her STINK. It smells of that really sharp, hospital type antiseptic with some weird undertones.  Now, if this was any other case, I’d tell her that she smells a bit off, but the fact that she’s been so nervous makes me a bit reluctant. She’s also told me in the past that perfume makes her body hurt a LOT as it irritates her eczema.  The problem is that we don’t just hang out once in a while, I sit beside her in a lot of classes and the smell seriously bothers me and makes me really dizzy. I don’t know how to, or if I should, tell her. WIBTA if I did?  EDIT for info: She’s mentioned previously that she has a special type of oil that soothes her eczema and smells good, and she’s brought it in so I know she’s not using it ATM. Honestly, the main reason I’m reluctant to bring it up is because I know she’s in a tough patch with her esteem issues and I don’t know if this would make it worse.
e8t77c	    I am in a bit of a dilemma. Last night my husband and I went over to our god parent’s house. “G” was not home from work when we arrived. In that time my husband and I talked to “M” where she confided in us that “G” had an emotional affair and that it really hurt her. As soon as she said that my mind jumped to a memory of 2018 where I saw her husband in a car with another female. \[I told M as soon as I saw the car to ask if it was her in the car and she said it was not and that G was working that morning……I didn’t push further because I had no solid proof \[pics etc.\] When I asked M detail of the emotional affair, she said G never met the other female but they had been texting and sexting for a month and calling each other baby. When I asked for a timeline she mentioned it being almost a year ago… \[almost around the time I saw her man with another female\]. My husband sat there and pretended this was the first time he’s ever head of it and he couldn’t believe what M was saying…. Well fast forward to the night M told G that she had told us about the affair and he attempted to justify it by saying M wasn’t satisfying emotionally. I shut that shit down real quick and told him not to shift blame because he was the one who fucked up. Anyways my husband goes to the bathroom and G proceeded to say he had told my husband about all this months ago. My mind instantly went WTF? M asked me to ask my husband what he knew so as soon as we got into our car I asked him what he knew and he said, “first of all the story he told us tonight is not what he told me” to which in return I asked then what did he tell you?? And my husband said he wasn’t going to tell me because it doesn’t concern me. I got irritated and told him no but it does concern my two nephews and their mom and I know she’d like to know if she was cheated to or not and he did not say a peep. This angered me because I tell my husband absolutely everything. There isn’t a secret I keep from him because any time I go out he always ask me for a 5 page paragraph on what I talked about. I felt it was unfair that I tell him everything, but he couldn’t do the same. I am even more angry because he went out of the country alone for almost a month. I am trying to trust him but if he can keep a secret of our closest friends getting cheated on then he can surly keep his mouth shut on anything he did. It definitely made me feel like I cannot trust him. My way of thinking is that he has no morals and I do not want to be a part of that. Am I wrong?
e8snr7	Me 26m and my ex 29f broke up a few months ago. About a month and half into the break up she tells me shes pregnant.  Which I thought was fishy because she was supposed to have been on the shot. But after not showing me any actual proof she up and gets a new huge tattoo, smokes weed and cigarettes daily, and ran off to hawaii with an ex boyfriend. Now I think its pretty clear she 1. Lied to me about being pregnant. Or 2. Is using her ex boyfriend because he recently came into a small inheritance. And will try and say the baby is his.  Since she's not communicating with me about the situation im about to tell the guy listen shes lying to one of us so did with that information what you will.  Ok maybe I didn't make this clear.  She told me she was pregnant and I was the father.  THEN she ran off with the ex boyfriend.
e8smfh	My parents are pretty traditional asian parents, “Only careers in the medical field will get you anywhere in life blah blah.” Ive cycled through many careers during my junior and senior year of high school: dentistry, pharmacy, doctor, nursing.   Once I started college and met other people, I realized that I should do something im passionate about. Ive always been good at art so I want to pursue it. So im taking art classes next semester because im interested in becoming a tattoo artist.   I get that its a huge switch and my parents will freak out, but for the first time in a long time, I feel like im going down the right path. But my parents are paying for my college and I am currently unemployed.  My plan is to get a job so I have money to support myself and my schooling so my parents wont have to pay for something that they dont want me to do. But WIBTA if I didnt tell them until later (after I have money) or should I just tell them ASAP?
e8s8qn	My daughter and my girlfriend spent a day together on Saturday, allowing me to catch up on some work. My girlfriend is a makeup artist, and she did a full face of makeup on my daughter. Since she is a makeup artist, the makeup looked fine, but I was kind of shocked to see such heavy makeup on my ten year old.   My daughter has asked for makeup a lot recently, and the most she has worn has been lip gloss and a little glitter. I’m not too knowledgeable about makeup, and her mother isn’t around to give advice on this, so I’ve frequently just said no make up, especially as she’s so young. So, seeing her with eye shadow, blush, and lip color was pretty shocking.  Since we were still going out later, I made my daughter wash off the makeup. I did not want her going out with it. I’m okay with my girlfriend doings a makeover for fun at home, but I don’t think she’s meant to go out with it. My daughter was not pleased to have to wash it off, and I had to help her because she was not getting it all off. Obviously in my daughter’s eyes, I’m the ass hole.  But then my girlfriend said that I’m being too strict, that all girls wear make up, and that I should start letting my daughter wear at least a little bit of make up. I said okay, but that make over was not a little bit of makeup. Still, though, my girlfriend thinks that I should have let my daughter wear it for the rest of the day, just for fun. Then she started asking if I don’t trust her skills or think she’s a good makeup artist, and it’s not that, I was just not comfortable with my daughter going out with a full face of makeup. AITA?
e8s7b9	So obviously I’m a teen 15-16 and this is throwaway account cause I don’t want a friend of mine to see this. English is also not my first language so I’m sorry for the mistakes.  A bit of background: I used to have a problem where I couldn’t feel when I needed to go to the bathroom. So imagine still being 12 and peeing in your pants and my parents never wanted to take me to doctor that’s specialized (idk what it’s called). I’ve also never really learned to regularly  shower, cause my parents never “forced” me too.   Now, my parents have been contacted before by my previous school and now they’re constantly bugging me about. (Btw. my current school has not contacted my parents, because I’ve not smelled bad)  I get that smelling bad isn’t really a good thing. But they say: “You know that if you smell bad, people will think we’re abusing you”. It feels like if nobody would mention it too them they would give a shit about it. I ,ofc, shower and the basic hygiene stuff, but every time they mention it too me I don’t shower. Enough so they will smell, but not enough so deodorant can’t shield the smell. It’s gotten to the point that they expect me to wash every day. I find that stupid, cause they complain when I “waste” clothes. But I’m not allowed to wear the same clothes twice after washing.   My parents tell me that I’m insensitive and that I’m just being rebellious cause I’m a teen (they might be right, but still). I should also do it so they don’t get in trouble. I’ve always been insecure about BO, but this just hurts more. I know this is kind of petty, but it feels right too me.  So AITA for not wanting to shower?
e8s73c	I live with my younger sister, mom and dad. Unfortunately my sister and my room are right next to each other so we can hear pretty well what the other is doing I. Ther room - I can hear her yoga and exercise videos in the morning and she can hear my video game playing and tv watching at night.   Last night she came to me and said I was being loud the past couple nights and she couldn’t get to sleep easily. This was around 11 or so it was late ish but not really that late. I generally stay up until 2 or 3. She said she had a final exam on Friday and she really needed to be able to sleep well so she could study and then also not be too tired for the exam. I said I guess I could try to be more quiet but she should really try wearing earplugs. She snapped at me and said she did try and they always fell out of her ears and felt uncomfortable and she slept better when she lived in a university dorm then when next to my room. She also said that I’m the odd one out in the house staying up late (my parents go to bed before her) it’s considerate to try and be more quiet. I said I work full time and I deserve to relax too. And she just said she thinks it’s not fair I get little sleep because if my sleep schedule and work for me to put that on others. I kind of get her point with that as I do work 8am-but don’t really change my sleep schedule but I think it was shitty of her to bring up and not her business.   I think she snapped too quickly and is being a bit entitled. AITA?
e8s4jm	I already had non-refundable flight tickets to be out of town for Christmas week before I got this job. It was a mass hiring event so I didn't have to opportunity to talk to anyone about wanting days off before I started.   The workday after my training, I asked off and was not approved for Monday/Tuesday. I'm going to see my family and make use of the $400 ticket. I feel bad because those are going to be busy days, but the job is only two or three weeks part time. Those two days aren't even going to cover the plane ticket.  AITA?
e8s0uh	For all of my (20m) I’ve never liked any type of nut or legume.  They are pasty and make my mouth feel weird.  But since I’m not allergic people always just tell me to “try it you will like it”.  No matter how much I say I won’t they insist and shocker I don’t like it.  I’d rather just shut them down and say I’m allergic but WIBTA towards people who do have legitimate allergies?
e8s0lv	Preamble: So in the U.K. (don’t know about elsewhere) there’s a kind of unwritten rule that busses are boarded in order of who has been waiting longest at the stop. It’s not an official queue, just everyone kind of sticks to it. No signs or anything to say this should happen.   Story: so today I get to my bus stop and there are already about 15 people waiting. Just milling around... not in any kind of queue. A different (not mine) bus pulls up so I hope most of the others are waiting for that, but no such luck, only one person sticks their arm out and moves to get on.   Whilst she’s getting on though, my bus pulls up behind the one that’s already at the stop. Because of where I’m standing I am closest to where it has stopped so go I stand next to the door, let people get off, then proceed to board. It did cross my mind to let others on first, but I saw how busy it was and didn’t fancy standing for the approx 1hr it takes to get home (the route is very popular and is usually standing-only until the penultimate stop before mine). There were 3 seats free, so I jumped in one.   As the rest of the people boarded, one irate (British, so take “irate” as one eyebrow being raised) had to stand near in the aisle near me. He said to me “I was waiting for longer than you,” to imply he should have boarded first. I responded, “I don’t care,” and went back to my phone. Now he’s glowering at me as I type, and just did that thing where you make eye contact with a stranger, raise your eyebrows and shake your head whilst doing a closed-mouth smile (bet you just tried it!). This is a sure tell that a Brit is cheesed off.   Now I know I wasn’t NICE in this situation, but surely there’s somewhere between ‘nice’ and ‘asshole’ on the spectrum. Where do you think I sit?
e8ryeg	Back in July, I saw that there was a concert coming to Chicago in November that I wanted to go see. It's about a three-hour drive from where I live. I ask some buddies if they wanted to go and two friends, Randy and Keith, responded that they would.  So I paid $120 for the three tickets and we made plans to go together.  A month or two before the concert, Randy realizes he will be out of town during that time but says he will be able to catch a cheap flight to Chicago and meet Keith and I there. We decide to split a hotel room and Randy says he will reserve it because he travels a lot and has rewards cards.  Two weeks before the show, Keith starts being non-committal about whether he can actually go.  He says he has a test to take for work that afternoon but then realizes he can finish early enough to still go. A few days before the show Randy says he decided he's not going to fly in after all, but tells me that Keith and I can use the hotel room since he's already paid for it.  Then, the day before the show Keith says he has to work all night and can't go.  At this point I'm pissed off and don't want to drive 3 hours alone and go to a concert alone so I don't go.  I tell them I expect them to pay me for those tickets still.  Keith says ok (but still hasn't paid) and Randy says that since he got a hotel room and paid $150 for it he shouldn't have to pay for the ticket. I tell him that it's his and Keith's fault that the whole thing got ruined and that I shouldn't have to pay for their tickets when they are the ones who bailed. He paid me but is pissed off about it, saying he's out $200 and it's unfair.  So, AITA for making him pay even after he lost money for the room?
e8rxjz	Me and my ex-husband do not get along at all and I'm sick and tired of it. We have joint custody but I'm not doing that anymore and if he wants to see his kids, he can get this custody arrangement changed and pay child support as well.   Our whole relationship he has acted like such a victim constantly and to this day acts as if I abused him and that's why he won't talk to me. Abuse or not, I'm still the mother of his children and if he wants to see his kids, he needs to talk to me. He has a problem with this because I apparently talk about things that have nothing to do with the kids (I don't.)  I discovered he's blocked me and I can not contact him. So I told him, if he wants to talk to his daughter, he needs to buy her a phone. He agrees and I am shocked that he brings her a flimsy little flip phone! I'm done with his games as he could've gotten her a new phone or something so I block him off that phone too.   If he wants to see and talk to his daughter he needs to go to court and he acts like I'm being unreasonable. I firmly believe I am not. I'm sick of his games.   AITA?
e8rtbf	So my parents asked me and my sister to decorate our house for christmas about a week ago while they were at work. My sister was away at her friends house and I decided to just knock it out in an hour putting everything up by myself. Was pretty annoying at first but once all the family pictures and such are down its easier to set everything up and since we have a fake tree its daily simple to put together and put all the ornaments on. I was pretty satisfied that I knocked it all out in like an hour maybe 2. My sister came home bummed that I did it all since I guess she wanted to do it with me. This is where I think I maybe TA, I said id rather just do it by myself cause if she did it with me something that should take an hour or 2 turns into a whole day thing, I was joking of course.   She called me an ass and now parents are saying that I should have just waited for her to get home. I can get the sentimental value and I left the boxes down incase she wanted to do that.  I genuinely thought she found it as boring as I did and tho I feel bad that I fucked up I think her being all passive aggressive towards me is kinda childish.  AITA here reddit?  REPOST CAUSE OF MISSING DETAILS!
e8rl6z	My father in law just purchased a new, rather large camper for himself and his wife, which he has politely asked to park on our property. We had no issue with this as long as it was kept out of sight and not in our driveway. He agreed. Now his wife has asked that we trim the branches from several of our trees because they may scratch up her camper. I told my spouse absolutely not and I suggested that rather than make demands about our home for their camper, that maybe they should pay for a storage unit instead, where their camper will be safe from our pesky trees. The following day my FIL came and picked up his camper and my spouse said I acted like a jerk and that it was no problem for him to cut a few branches. AITA?  Edit: Sorry for the misleading title. For those asking, we have fully grown oak trees with rather thick branches.  2nd edit: Yes ok I get it, the title is misleading. I would change it if I knew how lol
e8rkjx	I met this girl. Her mother works in the same company as my mother, so we began to develop a friendship. We had many things in common, and I felt as though there was some degree of trust we created in the friendship.  Recently, I've found out my brother has been texting someone online. My brother is autistic and often has trouble understanding me and my mother, and he kind of just does his own thing. He began to skip school to play videogames, and it's just really been hard. Anyway, he has been messaging someone online recently and seems as though this other person is an underage person. Their chat logs are filled with hearts and a handful of explicitly inappropriate content. I'm glad he has someone, but I also suspect this other person is aware of my brother's vulnerability and takes advantage of this situation because there are many money transactions to this other person, and in my judgment, this person's answers are not genuine.  That aside, I'm concerned my brother is unaware of what he is doing; he has no job, lives alone, will probably get evicted soon, and the fact that we've all continuously supported his ideas and whatnot, he doesn't listen to us when we try to explain the importance of getting a GED and maintaining a job. Instead, however, he's giving away his money to this person online.  I told this to my friend. I thought she would understand, and due to the nature of how we met each other, I told her to be wary and not mention this at all in any way to her mother.  My mother ended up calling me and saying I shouldn't have told her that. "Some secrets are kept in family," she said. I had told my mother about this way before because I was the one who found out, not as an attempt to mock my brother, but I really think that as mature people, we ought to be aware of the situation. I told my friend, she told her mother, her mother told my mother, and my mother told me.  She didn't seem angry, she was just upset that I trusted someone with that sensitive information. I'm conflicted, however. Am I an asshole for sharing that information? Is that something I really, really shouldn't have shared with someone I thought I trusted?  Tldr; told my friend a kind-of-dark secret about my family. She told her mom, her mom told my mom, and that's that. AITA?  PS: What am I supposed to do now? I haven't said anything. I'm definitely not confronting her, but should I just cut contact and act as if I've just been busy?
e8rfvd	So this happened recently when i went to a comedy gig. The headline act was a gay guy (based on the jokes though he could have potentially been bi idk). He was extremely funny and also witty to hecklers and it was an all-round great show. The venue itself did 4-pint pitchers and by the time the show ended we (me and my BF) were on our third pitcher.  &#x200B;  After his set i thought it might be interesting to see if he was actually still on Grindr and, low and behold, he was! He didn’t have a FP but his profile and distance (closer than my BF despite him being sat next to me) made us 99% sure it was him.   &#x200B;  So I dropped him a message saying Hi and that we really enjoyed his set but got ignored.   &#x200B;  One of his jokes was about his Hemoriods so after about 30 mins of me and my BF chatting I checked and still had no response so i sent him a final message saying “I guess I’m not your type but really enjoyed your set. Btw was your joke about haemorrhoids real? I showed my BF and he said that was completely out of order and I should block him before he sees at as it’s not only rude but an invasion of privacy to hunt him down on an app and ask him about something so personal. He also said that I could damage his mental wellbeing by simply asking that.   &#x200B;  Being sober now I know I wouldn’t have sent it had I not been drunk but I don’t believe it was that bad. What do you guys think? AITA?  For context after i messaged him first, my BF sent something similar. He too was ignored.
e8raq9	Background: So, I have a relatively large circle of friends in my hobby, and it's become a tradition to celebrate everyone's birthday. Now, I've become the person who is generally in charge of this, which involves finding a gift, collecting money from people, making a card, and sometimes organizing a surprise or cake. It's a decent amount of work, but I genuinely love doing it.  The issue: The latest gift that I ordered for someone's birthday came with a tiny pocket knife as a "free gift" with the purchase. Nobody knows it came with the gift, so WIBTA if I kept it as a small reward for always organizing this stuff? The knife is 7 euro value, and the gift we bought was around 60 euros. I feel like I deserve it, especially since I put a lot of my own money into wrapping/cards/cake, and that often times I end up one or two people short for being paid back. But also I feel a bit like I'm stealing.  So, tell me, would I be the asshole if I kept it?
e8r942	So me and my husband are tight for cash this Christmas since we moved very far away from home, last year went all out and spent probably a grand on gifts for immediate family. But this year we're only getting small gifts for siblings. So I asked my younger sister (17) what she wanted, and while I was thinking a gift card to her favorite fast good places since she eats out for lunch and my mom doesn't always give her money. And she'll just skip lunch and be hungry till the end of the day when she gets home. She instead want's money for clothes or Victoria secret, though I gave her a 100 dollar gift card to VS earlier this year for her birthday already, and she already has SO MUCH clothes, her amount of clothes literally takes up most of her room, for her to wear all of her clothes takes about a good 4 months. Is it bad that now I don't  want to get her anything?
e8r1b1	So my girlfriend of 3 years and I don't have many problems at all.  We're 21 and 18 living together happily, as far as I'm aware.  We borrow each others phones while respecting each others privacy and generally don't read messages ect. that were meant for the other person. Until yesterday.. I got nosey while she was sleeping next to me. I decided to go through her tumblr just to see what she had posted recently but from HER phone. I had deleted tumblr after it went down hill so I hadn't checked out her blog in a while. Unfortunately, I saw a message notification on her tumblr and decided to take a peek. I was stupid to do so and got what I deserved because now I can't stop thinking about it. The messages went like this... Random Tumblr Person said "Please do not delete my Captions under my photos when and if you reblog them." Gf responds "I'm sorry, I deleted the caption because a crush follows me and I didn't want them to think it was directed at them." noticing the messages happened around 2 weeks ago I really feel the need to confront her. I'm honestly so hurt and confused by it. Why is she posting things for her crush? If she even is?  I have no idea what's going on with that and it's driving me crazy. So in your honest opinions.. WIBTA to tell her I read her messages to get a answer for my concerns?
e8qmes	Bit of a long post coming sorry.  Earlier this year myself and my husband went through a bit of a rough patch but we eventually worked things out and are now moving forward.  During this time he raked up over £10,000 worth of debt in the form of a £6,000 loan (for a holiday he booked to try and make us happy again) and £4,000 on credit cards due to various other things.  We still went on the holiday he got the loan for as there was no way to get the money back and we’d worked things out between ourselves by that point. Just before we were due to go away my parents came into a modest amount of money. We were planning on using my credit card for spending money whilst away and to be as tight as possible with it but as this was going to be a once in a lifetime trip, and to help us out, my parents, against my wishes as they were adamant, gave us cash as a gift to use on the trip.  So now we’re gradually paying off the debt by saving every penny possible and should hopefully have it all gone within 7/8 months. My parents had offered to help pay it off, however I was insistent that it wasn’t up to them to help and whilst we both appreciated it we would deal with the mess ourselves (I should also point out that whilst we’re not massively well off we have it a lot better than some others so are in a position to pay off the debt with relative ease).  Now due to Christmas coming up and us being strapped for cash my parents have again, ignoring my wishes, transferred me a large amount of money to help us over this period. They said we didn’t have to use it to buy anyone presents but to use it how we want, pay off some of the debt, to get each other gifts, to go do some nice things together over Christmas etc.  Now i’ve told my partner what I would like to do with it instead is to buy both of them a really nice Birthday present for their upcoming 60th which is in a few months, as I know we won’t have any extra cash ourselves at that time.   He says it’d be rude to use the money they’ve given us to get them gifts for their Birthday as it’s not as heartfelt because the money was a gift from them to start with. Now he’s not against me using it that way and wouldn’t stop me as he’s also on my side with not accepting help towards paying off our debt but now I feel as though I shouldn’t use it for that and i’d be an asshole for using the money they gave us that way.  Edit: Just to quickly point out that I had no idea my husband was taking out the loan and the money he accrued on the credit card was things he bought for himself whilst we were separated. By the time I found out about it the holiday he booked using the loan could not be cancelled for a refund and the things he bought on his credit cards could not be returned. I had nothing to do with any of that as it all happened whilst we were seperated.
e8qfdz	So me and my girlfriend we usally annoy each other to an extent but sometimes when I do it she just gets mad. Most of the time it's small stuff like messing with the strings on her good it saying there's a clown in the room something just to spook her for a second or just something small. But sometimes now when I do it it goes from funny to pissing her off. AITA?
e8q8c8	So 2 years ago my GF with the help of her parents was able to buy a nice little home! I was very proud of her and I know she's very proud of it too. She deserves it! Home ownerships not super common at our age and she did spend a good portion of her time in college saving for it. She 100% deserves credit for that. She saved for it, found it, and help pay the down payment for it. For the past year I've lived here with her. I try hard to fix things up, I help plan projects, and I've really tried to customize it to our liking together. I of course also help pay the mortgage and all the bills involved. I've noticed though anytime the topic of the house comes up in casual conversation she always responds with "I've had my house since..." or "I want to do X with my house." Even when the asker directs the question to both of us... I'm not asking for credit on buying the house at all. Sometimes I just wish she would say stuff like "I bought our house" or "I want X for our house". Am I just being sensitive? It's not destroying my relationship with her or anything but it's just been bothering me for awhile now and I figured some opinions may make me feel better.   Edit: Seems relatively split so far but the consensus seems to be that's it's not a huge deal. It really isnt and like I said I wouldnt consider it to be eating away at me or anything but its bothering me because it feel like I shouldnt care at all. I'm  not asking her to give me any credit in buying or owning the home. I know I dont LEGALLY have any stake in it. It's more just acknowledging that I do live here I guess? I wasnt with her to help save back when she bought it so I try to make up for it by putting as much into it as I can.  Edit edit: definitely a lot of logical responses in terms of questioning who owns the house. I 100% agree that it's her house but I guess I'm wondering is if it's wrong to ask her to say "I bought our house". It shows she has legal ownership and she can still be proud of it plus it shows the I do in fact live there and doesnt sound so much like I just lay around and dont contribute?
e8q651	For context, I’m studying in a Philippine school.  There’s this policy in my school called the “English Only Policy” (EOP), and the rule being that no one should speak/write something down in a different language, unless it’s a language class other than English. To make it easier, we have the “EOP Card” that we have to pass along within class when someone speaks in another language. The last card holder had to do a consequence the next meeting. If you had to do 3 consequences within the month, your grade would have a deduction.  Last period was Social Studies, and we were having a quiz. My classmate (G) had the card, and asks me if I could convince my seatmate (B) to speak in another language. I was unable to do it. 10 minutes before the time, B was asked a question, and he answered. He got the card, because I told G that he said something. Sure enough, when we were dismissed, B was the last card holder. AITA?  Edit : Thanks for your judgements, I appreciate them.
e8q604	So in the morning my girlfriend usually makes small snack bowls for me to eat when I'm at work on lunch break. It's a nice surprise and I like it. However, a month ago she mixed all kinds of snacks: savoury, sweet, dry, basically things that shouldn't be mixed. I was okay with it since I was hungry and just laughed at it on lunch break. My chocolates were salty and spicy which was weird and my chips were chocolatey.   Today, I saw her mix my desserts again with spicy chips. (It was carrot cake, chocolates and spicy shrimp chips). I jokingly asked her, "do you like your dessert spicy or something?" And proceeded to separate the spicy chips and put them in a Ziploc bag.   She saw me do this and said, "I can eat it." I got annoyed and thought she was joking. I told her, "I don't like spicy food with my dessert. Also you made this for me, not for you."  She started defending the spicy chips mixed with dessert and made me look like an asshole for separating the two. I told her, "it's weird and if you made it for me, think about what I like and don't like. It doesn't matter if *you* like it. We have different tastes".   It doesn't help that I eat the weirdest combinations of food (mac and cheese with soysauce, dipping bread into pho, etc) but this is one I don't like.  Edit: Thanks, guys. I see that I'm the asshole. I'll apologize to her and give her a hug when I get home. I really do appreciate her surprise snacks and I don't want her to feel like shit for doing so. I'll eat my spicy dessert snacks.
e8q2ae	I (22 F) just graduated from college and started a job in a new city in October. My dad filed for divorce two years back, serving my mom without real warning. The divorce has been absolutely brutal. They refuse to try and reach an agreement, but I couldn’t even fully tell you why as they both claim it is the other person’s fault. I have said from day one that I do not want to be involved, as I don’t want to pick sides. I love both my parents very much. Recently, my mother has filled a restraining order against my father, extending the process even more. Part of the accusation is that he came to her house, even though we were dropping my car and a dresser off the day I was moving. I had her permission to drop of the car and dresser, but it was a big debate and took some reasoning with my mom. We left it on the driveway. So my mom is doing the restraining order partly bc she doesn’t want him around her house but mostly because he harasses her via dozens of emails and texts most nights. My dad calls me up the other day asking me to sign this statement from his lawyer that says we had permission to drop off the car and dresser. To the best of my knowledge, this is a true statement. However, by signing it I would be choosing a side. By not signing it, I would be choosing a side. Because it really wasn’t a big deal as in the restraining order did not depend on this, I didn’t sign it. My reasoning was that if I signed, I was getting involved and who knows what else they would want me to do. Plus I was a bit mad at my dad for not talking to me about it before having the lawyer contact me and also involving me. So AITA for not signing a document that was true?
e8pvj2	I just got back from a 17 day trip to Japan with my lovely gf. I was apprehensive throughout the planning as I'm not a fan of taking off to much time at work especially this much. About 3 months ago she really wanted to book another trip to Maldives for 10 days in April, which I again reluctantly agreed to despite taking another chunk of vacation time and dealing with other side of the world jet lag. I've also made some mishaps at work and really don't feel comfortable taking more time off as I have yet to inform them of this new Maldives trip. AITA if I tell her I want to cancel and am willing to eat the cost and refund her for any expenditures so far? I know this is going to upset her and that there's greater implications like me going back on my word, but I'm very worried about how I look at my job.   PS - well aware that there are bigger issues at hand like being able say no to people or to worrY less about work but I need a bandaid fix
e8phfc	My group of friends (about 20 y/o) use their car to go EVERYWHERE, even if it's literally a 5 minutes walk, which is something I hate (really are you that lazy?), also because cars and gasoline cost a lot and it happens often that someone doesn't have money to go out because of the car expense. Also they drive while drunk and high, being dangerous for themselves and for other people. Often I hope they find the police on the way, and they stop to be so lazy, stupid and irresponsible. Am I an asshole?
e8pfbp	My husband is from an Eastern European country and grew up there listening  to a -lot- of rap as did/do much of the teenagers in that area.   Now 33 and with a doctorate and job in a professional setting, still in Europe, he doesn’t quite get why I feel saying/writing emails using words like “yo” and “mad skills” sounds....off? He had an interview recently and said “I got mad google translator skills” and, even IF his employer has met him prior to interview and they are on a friendly level, I can’t imagine a German man older than him quite getting what he meant, or that it’s a “joke” as my husband claims. If he’s using it jokingly I think it’s a bit rude to those who do speak like this and rude to think it’s funny to talk this way to be “funny”? It’s not really funny. I feel it’s the equivalent of me putting on a Jamaican accent and using slang thinking it’s funny.   I was born and raised in a “ghetto” area of NYC and am of European descent, and even though my friends used this kind of slang daily and some definitely still do, I can’t shake off the feeling that my husband sounds really strange trying to use this lingo. My friends growing up often call me their “n***a” but I never said/say it back because well I’m white as shit and felt silly saying it lol. Even if they wouldn’t blink an eye if i returned it, I never thought I’d be cooler by talking like that, I suppose, and just spoke in my normal way.  So reddit. Do I leave my grown Eastern European husband alone and let him use his mad language skills to his hearts desire, or should I politely remind him it sounds a bit silly?   Thanks, homies  ;)  Edit for a bit more info: he doesn’t have a strong Slavic “my name Igor” movie type accent. He watched a lot of movies/listened to a lot of English music growing up so it’s rather subtle of an accent. Not sure if that makes any difference..
e8p7q3	Our library has a few rooms each with distinct purpose including one room with the collections stocked and a few big reading tables. Mostly everyone is perfectly quite, but there is this one peculiar guy that I find really annoying.   He is the only old person that visits this library that is mostly visited by student. He is of old age, probably well above 70 and is always obsessively reading in the same book about gravitation. Any time you visit the library, he is there sitting at one of the tables solely by himself. All the other tables, which have a capacity of 10 people, are about full most of the time. Nobody sits at that table because he makes a very unpleasant noise. He has breathing issues I suppose and is constantly grasping for air. Every quarter of an hour or so he gets up to walk a bit and then returns. People have been talking about it too, and they remarked that he always takes his etui but leaving his other possessions there. Well, you can imagine what people speculate about haha.   You see, I, and probably others, are a bit disturbed in our work by this noise he produces and would rather have he sit somewhere else. On the other hand I think, well, he has as much right as any other to visit the library and do his thing. I really don't like to be the guy that makes the university decide he is no longer welcome, if that would happen.   I'm contemplating writing a small suggestion letter and try to explain my concern about as nice as I can without coming across like a dick, but I'm not sure if I should because as I said, he has a right to be here as well and he can't help having this breathing problem. WIBTA if I complained about this person?
e8oigo	Hello, I'm a 27 year old loser with a useless degree. I majored in biochemistry but haven't been able to find work in my field and I'm currently working for minimum wage at a grocery store.   I'm on my last leg here and considering faking my resume to get a job. Something to close the gap in relevant experience on my resume. Would that make me an asshole? Is it justifiable in my current position?
e8oepi	I found out two of my friends' reddit account names through them showing me pictures they posted on reddit. It was brief and it likely didn't dawn on them I saw the accounts.  I don't post anything secretly from another account, but I do stalk them. One of the friends posts consistent lies to get karma. Lies that tug on heart string type stuff like people who have died or lying about their job/house/income. It makes me cringe and I really want to post stuff outing their years of habitual lies. The other friend posts personal stuff that eventually is revealed by them IRL, but I know it well in advance due to them anonymously posting on reddit and me reading it before they mention anything IRL.  AITA or...
e8nvuh	My GF and I were driving to meet our friends at a restaurant and we were late. I made sure to maintain the speed limit and only go through the amber lights. I was also overtaking at a safe distance so I didn't do anything dangerous. I made with about 2 minutes to spare but she was telling me that I was a bad driver. I asked her if she had a licence when I knew she didn't and she was upset at my response. She told me in return that if I want to crash, it's up to me but let her stay out of it. I was in disbelief as she got out of the car. Only once I reversed at speed to scare her as a joke but that was a year ago. I know it's minor but I don't think I'm the AITA as I am in control and I was doing extra checks.  AITA?
e8n8d0	I’m Mom. My son (22M) moved back to his hometown after graduation. His girlfriend (22F) who he met in college moved in with him last month when she found a good job here. She doesn’t have many friends here, so she has always tagged along with my son whenever he comes home to visit his family.    His girlfriend is by all means a swell lady, however I have a problem with how she dresses around us. She frequently wears clothes that show off her thin waist and big chest. I get that she’s proud of her body, but I have a son and a daughter living at home who are still in high school. It’s either cleavage for days, a small top that stops at her belly button, or both at the same time. Not only that, I don’t think I have ever seen her wear a bra once and she has those permanent erect nipples you get after getting breast implants.    I excused her the first time because maybe she forgot I had two children living at home who would stare and think naughty thoughts or be influenced to think that her outfit is appropriate to wear for a first impression. The next two times, I let it slide because I was still getting a feel about her dressing habits and my husband had me slightly convinced for a while that it was not as big of a deal as I was making it out to be.    The fourth time she came over, she was wearing a belly shirt and no bra. I complimented her figure, but I asked her if she could please tone it down and dress more modestly around us because I have two children here. She agreed without arguing. I didn’t say this to her but I think it’s a little inappropriate to dress like that in someone else’s home, whether or not there are children around.    The last time she came over, she was wearing the most she has ever worn. She wore a long-sleeve crew neck, but again no bra. I must have not made it perfectly clear about her nipple issue, but I made sure she knew today. I asked her to wear a bra, pasties, or whatever necessary to hide her permanent erect nipples whenever she visited us. She agreed without arguing again. I asked her if she wears a bra at work and she said she does, but lets them breathe as soon as she gets off. I was happy that it was so easy.    However, I heard from my daughter today that my son’s girlfriend complained about my prudeness to her and my two sons. I asked my daughter if she thought it was inappropriate of her to wear those outfits at our house and she said doesn’t think so at all. I think I’m being totally reasonable. I taught my daughter that it actually is a little disrespectful of my son’s girlfriend and told my daughter that she better not dress like that in any similar situations in the future. My husband isn’t too invested in this matter even though he still thinks it’s not as big of a deal as I made it out to be.
e8mzwl	My daughter is in college. We’re from a suburb and she’s in school in an urban area so we talked *a lot* about exercising caution when she moved, walking in groups and on well lit streets, and what to do in all emergency situations.   We told her a thousand times never to trust strangers and to never stop if someone she doesn’t know asks her for money or for a favor or for directions when she’s by herself.   We send a certain amount of pocket money every month, deposited into a bank account.   She called this week and said she’d been robbed and needed money for the rest of the month.   At first I was just so relieved she was physically unharmed I told her all that mattered was she was okay and we’d send more money and she did the right thing not arguing with someone trying to mug her. But then I heard about what exactly happened.   She was walking home late and a man called to her and said “can I ask you a question” and for some reason, she said “ok” instead of crossing over. He told her he was homeless, desperate, and needed $20 for a dose of “life saving medication.”  My daughter told him she would love to help him but didn’t have any cash. He said if she meant what she said, they could walk to an ATM and she could withdraw some cash. But if she didn’t mean it, never mind.   She happily followed the strange man in the middle of the night. Thankfully all that happened was he took her to a deserted ATM and told her she had to withdraw all the money in her account or there’d be trouble. She did what he asked, thank God, and then he ran off and she called 911.   I asked why she’d follow the guy and she said she “wasn’t thinking and was just trying to help.”  After hearing that I said “You deserved to be robbed then. If you’d ignored him this likely wouldn’t have happened. He didn’t come up and threaten you, you voluntarily offered him money and went with him. You made your choice.“   My wife thinks I’m being way too harsh, my daughter thinks I’m being privileged and jaded (“I was just trying to help. I only *knowingly* gave him the $20 he wanted”, and I don’t know what to think anymore.   I want her to learn to put her safety first, but I don’t want to do it in a way that’s just me oversimplifying and being an asshole. Is that what this is?
e8mwhi	So my parents asked me and my sister to decorate our house for christmas about a week ago while they were at work.  My sister was away at her friends house and I decided to just knock it out in an hour putting everything up by myself.  Was pretty annoying at first but once all the family pictures and such are down its easier to set everything up and since we have a fake tree its daily simple to put together and put all the ornaments on.  I was pretty satisfied that I knocked it all out in like an hour maybe 2.  My sister came home bummed that I did it all since I guess she wanted to do it with me.  This is where I think I maybe TA, I said id rather just do it by myself cause if she did it with me something that should take an hour or 2 turns into a whole day thing.  She called me an ass and now parents are saying that I should have just waited for her to get home.  I can get the sentimental value and I left the boxes down incase she wanted to do that.    So I guess I'm oblivious to what I did wrong, so reddit I ask you AITA?
e8misg	My brother is so obsessed with his phone and he will frequently stay up into the early hours of the morning on it, which is irritating for me as we share a room and I don’t like that little light being on when I’m trying to sleep.   The other night, he couldn’t find his phone. For some reason, it had landed under his bed and I saw it, but I didn’t tell him where it was. In fact, I may have thrown some clothes over it so it would be harder to find. Anyway, he was freaking out because he couldn’t find it, and he kept asking me to help him find it. Seeing as he never helps me look for my phone if I lose mine, I pretended to look but didn’t really. I didn’t want to tell him where his phone was. He couldn’t find it and actually went to sleep; it was glorious to fall asleep without his stupid little light.  Next morning, he was freaking out and looking for it again. I pretended to help and I finally retrieved his phone from under his bed and gave it to him. He blamed me for knowing where it was the whole time since I found it so easily, and I admitted to him that I did, and then he got really mad at me. I told him that he shouldn’t be so obsessed with his phone, and losing it for one night does not constitute a freak out.   He’s currently not talking to me, which I’m fine with, but I can’t help but wonder, AITA?
e8miab	Okay, the title is a little salacious and not QUITE what happened, but you clicked on it, so here goes:  UPDATE (OF SORTS): I have decided, as some suggested to write a note and leave it on his windshield, since I don’t want to go door-to-door and ask. But the problem now is I can’t find his dang car! He completely REMOVED his front license plate (our state doesn’t require it, but his original one apparently did, and maybe THAT is what he was working on?), and i can’t remember differences in cars to save my life. Ack!  This morning I woke up to take my kid to school. When our apartment parking spaces are full, we all take turns parking on the side of the curb, so last night I had parked behind someone next to the curb right beside our place.   When I started the car this morning, I didn’t realize that someone else had pulled in behind me (VERY close, the side curb fits two cars comfortably but not 3, especially considering mine is a Jeep). My windows were fogged and I didn’t check, blah-blah-blah.... I backed up verrrrry slowly so I could go around the guy in front of me and BAM! I hit the car behind me.   I immediately stopped the car and got out to inspect the damage: nothing. Didn’t even notice a dent in either car. I looked around to see if the owner of the car was around, but nope, nobody. And I was running late already, so I figured “fuck it,” and just took off.   AITA for leaving a car that I barely hit? My wife noticed later that the owner of the car was outside taking his front tag off and having the front end jacked up, so maybe I caused more damage than I thought? Or maybe it’s just coincidental?
e8mhsa	Let me start this by saying that I am not a rebellious kid and I'm not saying I don't like rules because I am only 15.  So basically my parents give me limits on when I can use my phone. I know that they bought it, but I don't know why my phone usage is so important to them. I do use my phone a lot though, but I feel like how much I use my phone is entirely my responsibility. They always say how I'm growing up and I need to be more responsible but I feel humiliated and embarrassed when they tell me to stop using my phone. Like I'm just nothing but a stupid child. Like I get it, I'm pretty gullible and dumb but I would just like a tiny bit more freedom.
e8ly17	Just like the title said, I told my friend I was gonna buy OW so we could play together, he doesn't have any friends who play it. I had the money and last minute decided to buy Skyrim on steam. He's pissed cause I said I would buy OW but it's my money and I decided to buy something else cause I realized OW really isn't that fun. Also I don't have enough money to buy both.   Edit: He already had OW, 1000 hrs or more in it.
e8lxls	So my girlfriend likes to share random facts with me, mostly ones that she picked up over the radio or on the internet without checking them for authenticity or investigating further. I personally hate being told polarizing facts which then turn out to be partially true or a twist of the truth, and therefore question some of the details of the facts. An example:  Today, she told me about how Queen Elizabeth II. “earned” 100$ million dollars this year. I personally found that quite unbelievable, that an individual of the royal family makes that much money a year and therefore asked her where that money comes from and to whom it is paid (i.e. is it paid for by the state and is it paid to the monarchy or her as an individual?) She was not able to tell me, therefore I quickly googled it and found out that the royal grant was 100$ million dollars this year, and that it was paid largely for maintenance and renovation of the Buckingham Palace. Furthermore, the money partially comes from the Crown Estate (an independent commercial business owned by the reigning monarch). The proceeds are paid to the treasury who partially founds the crown grant (don’t take me up on that, that’s just what a quick google search revealed).   This is vastly different from the polarizing fact that she couldn’t follow up on. She is super pissed because “it’s so hard to talk to me, because I can’t just accept these facts without questioning her” die to the fact I don’t like being told twisted statements that you cannot explain.   AITA?
e8lx0k	I (22M) and my fiance (22F) have been engaged for a total of 2 weeks now, and we have been dating for 3 years before that. She is very excited for the ceremony (Note we do not live together at the moment. I am in another state with a nice job to get my foot in the door but I am moving back this summer). Her brother is about to finish up his classes in the Navy and could potentially be deployed for up to 4 years accordingly.  She just got done talking to me and we were discussing a date in which we would get married. I said in \~2-3 years of living together, which would give me time to graduate college with a bachelors, and save a little money for an open bar at the wedding. She was thinking more of \~1 year of living together. We discussed this very well in depth and I said something along the lines of "You know what. A year of living together should be plenty of time to know whether or not we want to fully commit. 1 year sounds good."  Well she just got word from her brother that he will for sure be deployed around May this summer. With the chance of it lasting up to 4 years, my fiance was not very happy with it. She for sure wants her brother here to walk her down the aisle since her "dad" is, well... A dick... So she asked me just now if we could plan and arrange a wedding in 5 months from today.  I said there is no need to rush it, and we can wait until he comes back, or has any visit time in which we can plan around. Now she seems upset that I don't want to marry her because I said I do not want to rush in. I love her very much, and don't have a problem with marriage between us, but I don't know if rushing to become married is a smart idea.  &#x200B;  tl;dr - Fiance wants to get married before her brother deploys in 5 months. AITA for not wanting to rush into it, in 5 months?
e8lt88	I miscarried almost 2.5 years ago   Let's start with 2 things. 1) I am not looking to get back together I am just working with my therapist and this weight of a secret that I feel is not mine to keep is holding me back significantly. Please don't tell me it's a ploy to get back together because it ended for a reason and I don't want that. 2) we were really close, even after we broke it off and right up until the miscarriage. At the time I felt it would be cruel to tell him but now I don't feel it is my place to say something because if the roles were reversed would want to know? I think I would.   Backstory: we were friends for over a year before we started fucking. Strictly sex nothing else but he pushed a few times to move forward. I'm worried that I'm projecting onto him my desire to know if the roles were reversed but also that by keeping the secret I'm making his choices for him.    Anyways, he was the only male partner I was with at the time so it was his. It was verified by a doctor not just some, I think maybe I miscarried. It's been 2.5 years now and I just ghosted him. To me this feels like closure. But I don't want to force that on him. But maybe closure would stop him constantly sliding into my DMs?   It's a secret I've kept from him and almost exclusively just him. I fear he will figure it out eventually. I feel guilty and cruel for withholding this from him, one of my closest friends at the time.    WIBTA if I told him? Am I taking away his closure by refusing to tell him or am I allowing him to live a less burdened life?   This has torn me apart for literal years. On the one hand I cannot predict what he does or doesn't want to know, on the other... I know how it's affecting me and it's been one of the biggest guilts I currently bear. Does my own relief outweigh his possible grief/anger/any other emotion that he is more than valid in feeling against me? I don't want to be the asshole but I do want to feel better.    It should be noted that while I'm not sure how I would have reacted I am, for myself and not for other women, pro-life and I think I would have carried to term if I was given the option. But,I was never given the choice. WIBTA?
e8ls4y	Obligatory not an English speaker. I am normally an Introvert but hang out with my friends every Friday, there I met this cute girl who was new to our town, who was living with one of our friends. We spoke for a bit, interestingly it turned out that we shared similar hobbies, Horticulture, forestry, etc, Plants basically. Those that some people might consider to be esoteric. My family actually owns a Nursery and a few small farm lands. We started hanging out everyday at my place. She really seemed to be into these so I got her to join our Horticulture club.  Either way I liked her from the start. It had only been more than a week since we met but we hung out 6-7 hours together   everyday so I thought it was reasonable to finally ask her out. Last Friday I asked her out for a movie on Sunday, but she said she already made plans with her family. I asked her when she would be free, I think it was only then that she realized I was asking her out on a date because she panicked and said she would think about it.  Later that night I got a text, it was really lengthy, I'll translate the whole thing.She basically said because she was new here, she was worried because she's an incredibly shy person she would be alone. But she was glad she found someone who shared similar interests. And she said she liked me as a person and would want to start out as friends. I replied by saying I understood how hard it can be for her, even I had to move when I was young and a lot of other things. But I ended it by saying I liked her a lot but I was sorry and that I can't be her friend. I was really polite albeit a bit too formal. She didn't reply again but an hour later I got bombarded by texts from her(our?) friends saying that I made her cry a lot and I was an jerk. The next day too some of my friends were angry with me, though most of them took my side. I did see her again and she did look emotional but I don't think it's my fault. She seems like a really sensitive person but AITA for this?    Tl;dr: Met a girl, asked her out, got rejected, handled it properly(at least according to me), friends think I am a jerk.
e8lqhz	I love my wife. She is not an easy laugh, and I love it when she laughs.   But at the movies or at parties or at the mall, she will get strange looks when she laughs. I don’t think she knows it, but indeed, her laugh sounds like a seal barking in reverse.   When people give her looks for this, I get an intense rage at them. It’s just her laugh! Let her be! You don’t know how hard it is to make her laugh! But I know it does sound weird.   I love my wife with my entire being and she is a very sensitive soul. How do I even broach this subject? WIBTA if I told her?
e8lo14	Full disclosure, the event in question took place about 3 years ago, but as I’ve only been on reddit for a year, & my wife still brings it up every now and again, including this past weekend at a big family get-together, I felt it pertinent to ask.   At the end of each of my daughter’s softball seasons, the team always had a pizza party at one of the local pizzerias. Each family just pays for whatever they order. No problem. My problem lies in being asked to contribute $5 for trophies for a team that went 0-14. During this season, the girls were ages 12-13, 7th grade I believe.   I politely told the coach, who is a great guy & a pretty good coach, that I just couldn’t do it. It had nothing to do with the money, it was simply principal. I feel we’re doing our kids a disservice by giving them awards for just simply going out and doing something. Trophies are for the team that takes first place. Hell, I can even get behind second place trophies. But trophies for not winning a single game? For just showing up & trying? I couldn’t, wouldn’t, do it. I have no problem with the party, with celebrating the season, but instead of awards maybe we could discuss how not everything in life goes according to plan? How you need to get back up and keep trying. You can have a bad season and still learn valuable lessons from it. I explained to the coach that it would be disingenuous of me to participate in that, given the values that I’m trying to instill in my kids. He smiled and nodded and of course all the girls (including my daughter) got trophies anyway. He did tell me he understood where I was coming from, and there was no ill will.    But boy oh boy was my wife pissed. Partly because I “always have to be difficult”, & partly because she was embarrassed that we were the only parents that didn’t throw in $5. Of course, as soon as one parent found out, they all found out. And of course, no one asked me about it, they just asked her. She understood the point I was making, but felt I should’ve paid just to make life easier or something.   Another disclosure, I was born with and have lived my entire life with only one hand, so I don’t get embarrassed easily. I’ve also grown rather thick skin growing up as the one handed kid, & frankly don’t really give a shit what all the other parents think. I realize that, based on this, sometimes my actions do make me an asshole. I just don’t think this is one of those times. I’ll also admit that I probably underestimated how much focus this would put on my wife. Gossip doesn’t phase me, but I recognize that it is difficult for many people to cope with. But truth be told, given the same decision, I’d do it again. Like I said, it’s principal, & I’m not too willing to budge on this one. But apparently I was an asshole because it still gets brought up.
e8lkbh	So here we go.   My husband was talking to me about his day when he got home from work tonight. He told me that his uncle sent out a group text today letting everyone know about the dates of their annual ice fishing trip. (“Everyone” being my husband, my father-in-law, my husband’s grandpa, my husband’s other uncle and a close family friend.) I asked my husband when they were planning on going and my husband said January 16th through the 20th. I sort of looked at him for a second waiting for him to say, “But I know your birthday is on the 18th so I’ll figure something out so I can spend time with you on your birthday.” And that never came. So I said to him, “Do you know what day my birthday is?” He said he knows my birthday is on the 18th but he really wants to go on the trip. I asked him if there was another weekend that would work for everyone and he quickly shot it down by saying, “It’s not my cabin so I can’t control the date.”   My feelings were really hurt so I just left the room and sat on the couch by myself for awhile. He later texts me from the other room saying, “Don’t be mad at me.” And I responded with “My feelings are hurt.” Later he came into the room and sat by me. I thought he was going to say something but he never did. We went to bed and as we were laying down I asked him, “So what is your plan for January then?” He just said that he wants to go on the trip. I asked him if he understood why that makes me upset and he responded with “We can just do something the weekend after.” I told him that I would like for him to be home for my birthday and don’t want to be home alone for my birthday either. He just said again “But I want to go on the trip” and I said “Well I want my husband to be with me on my birthday.” He just sighed and rolled over and said that we will talk about it in the morning.   I understand that it’s a fun trip for him to go on and he gets to spend time with some people he doesn’t see too often. He gets excited for it every year and I know he can’t control the date. We will see what happens in the morning, but am I the antagonist for wanting my husband to be with me on my birthday?
e8lj5g	I’m a stay at home mom to 3 kids—8, 5, and 3. 3f is special needs. She gets home from school at 2pm and naps until 3pm. Big kids get off the bus at 3:30pm.    Between 3pm and 4:45pm, I like to work with 3f on her speech, coordination, etc. Our nanny’s original schedule:   3:20- arrive at my house and pick up after school snack   3:30- pick kids up from bus stop and eat snack at community clubhouse—bus drops off at club house    3:45- go to the park, museum, or library—5 to 8 minute walking distance from club house    4:45- arrive back home, start homework, then play until dinner is ready     Lately she’s been bringing the kids home right after school. This interferes with my focus on 3f because 3f wants to play with with the big kids and the big kids want me to focus on them.    The other day I got really frustrated because it was the 3rd day in a row she brought them home(she works 3 days a week) so I wouldn’t have that alone time with 3f at all that week.    On that day. I told our nanny the kids could eat their snack at home but after that, she needs to take them back out. I reminded her that I really prefer them going straight from the bus to their outing so there’s no distractions at home.    When they got back from the outing, things were really awkward. We usually chat while she works but she seemed to avoid me for the rest of the afternoon.     Same thing today. Anytime I’d walk in the room she was in, she’d immediately walk to another room and make herself busy with something in there. We have a very open downstairs so she’d still be within eye/earshot but in a different section if that makes sense. It was incredibly awkward.     She’s a really good nanny and I wasn’t trying to be mean. I just rely on that time and I thought she needed a gentle reminder of the original schedule.    Was ITA for making our nanny take the kids back out after they got home?
e8lhl3	I went to college pretty far from home, but near a major city and metropolitan area I had some relatives in. It was still a good 90 minute drive away. That major city as home to a very famous in the underground record store (still around by the way) that I regularly heard about on forums and from people. I was really into vinyl in late high school and college (this was well before vinyl went mainstream and you could buy it in big box stores, it was very much a niche market, basically underground punk/hardcore and electronic music only), which I was just dying to visit, but never got to my freshman year because I didn't have a car. I was quite excited to my sophomore year when I drove a car in.  My parents meanwhile knew how excited I was but were freaking out about me driving to it because basically "OMG BIG CITY", (funnily enough it's where I live now) and insisted that I first go to it or any punk/hardcore shows there with "someone who knew the area" and not drive myself because I wasn't used to driving in such a big city. It goes without saying how well I took this as someone who was legally an adult. And while it was in a much higher crime area than I had ever lived in or been to, it's not like I was going there to buy drugs or do anything that would get me in trouble, I was way more likely to get in trouble at the illicit keg parties I was constantly going to in college.  Well one weekend my parents were visiting family in the area and we met up around my grandfather's farm, which is between my college and the city. I visited too. Near the end of the day my parents had my tail them to a spot they said would be the best way to get on the highway back to college. Before that I said I wanted to go to the record store, but my parents asked me not to because "it was going to get dark soon", and promised that I'd have a chance to visit it at some indeterminate point in the future during the day. Well I did tail them and found the highway, one way leading back to college, the other to the city. I told them I was headed home...and then immediately took the opposite route to the city along with printed map directions (pre-GPS/smartphones.  The next day my mom called me on my ancient cell phone and said they had a great time and I told them "oh yeah I went to said record store and got home late" and then sent her a pic of the records I bought. She seemed to be pretty unhappy, and I said "What are you going to do, ground me?" She basically admitted she couldn't stop me from it. I also pointed out that the 8 hour drive I did to college from home was much further than the 90 minute drive. Still she seemed upset.  So, asshole? I mean I thought it was ridiculous my parents were still trying to control me 8 hours away when I was a legal adult and over something so childish. It reminded me of having a curfew as a teenager.
e8lhjb	So I recently just got out of a very toxic relationship and I’m talking to someone new and this new girl is very funny and generally caring but I still haven’t developed feelings for her. I still care about my ex and I miss a lot of the things I used to do with her, but it was just to toxic and we both agreed it was mutual. But a part of me still misses what we had.   I still talk to my ex and we’re trying to get to be friends, but I know how I would feel if someone I was trying to be with had sex with their ex while we’re trying to get to know each other, and hopefully develop feelings for each other which will eventually lead to a relationship.   Although, I might sound like I’m the asshole but I’m technically not in a relationship yet. And nothing has happened between me and her yet, just hugs and such. I don’t know if I should give in to my urges cuz I feel like I could potentially really fall for this girl, but a part of me still really misses my ex.  She still knows I’m not completely over my ex and she’s okay with that, she’s willing to wait and see how things go. She really does want to stick by my side.   Will I be the asshole if I go back to my ex for sex?
e8kkjz	I have a group of about 6 friends who all play MTG.  There's an even split of 3 girls and 3 guys.  I am usually the host and we play at my house.  My girlfriend however is jealous because she doesn't play MTG, and I've dated 2 of the other girls who do play.  She said she doesn't want anyone I've been with in the past to enter our home.  I told her ok, and told the group that MTG would be a guys only night from now on.  The girls are really pissed, and think my girlfriend is a jackass.    AITA?
e8ki08	Alt account for certain reasons.  We're high schoolers, drama is way more than it needs to be.  So my friend and this girl have been dating for about four months now, and she is crazy. She is clingy as all hell and has gone on record multiple times saying she has told my friend to only talk to her. She has told us (my friends and I) that she thinks we're awesome and then gone behind our backs and said she hates us. While I have no proof, apparently she has sent unsolicited nudes to him. I don't like her, so this may have some bias to it.  Anyways, the real meat of this. My friend is not in a good position at home. His mom is an alcoholic, and his dad is not in the picture He is getting scared about school because his mom forced him into the advanced program. He's talked to all the counselors. CPS won't help because he isn't in any physical danger. He needs to focus on his schoolwork and get into a good university if he wants to get away from his mom and I expressed this to my friend. If he gets into a good uni and gets a good job, he can support himself and cut his mom out entirely. I told him I would help him out and that he should cut out anything that wasn't necessary in order to focus on school. He agreed with me mostly, and was a little miffed about me saying he should break up with his girlfriend, but otherwise we were on good terms.  Until I talked to his girlfriend. She and I were on good terms until just then. I said she should give him some space and be supportive with him. That if push came to shove, she may need to break up with him to give him that space. I didn't say anything along the lines of "you are an awful girlfriend and you're ruining his life", and I specifically told her it was just a suggestion. She seemed fine and politely disagreed. Then I get a message from my friend saying she's been crying for ten minutes and that I told her horrible things. I care about my friend and I was only trying to help him. Basically they're both pissed at me, but I've been told my all my other friends I did the right thing. AITA?  Edit: aight, dope. From what I gathered here, I'm the asshole, but at least I'm a good friend. Thanks.
e8kao8	So my boyfriend has had tickets to go see an artist a couple hours away from our home for months . He originally tried to get me to come with him and his friends but I opted out. Recently I’ve been really listening to this artist and decided that I wanted to go. When he told his friends about it they replied that I basically was not allowed to come with them bc it was a “boys weekend”. Which I would totally understand if there wasn’t girls going too. Bf thinks I’m blowing it out of proportion and being mad for not reason but my feelings are really hurt that he wouldn’t stick up for me and tell his friends to F off.
e8jtwd	Ok so this is just gonna be a short and simple one. But I have a friend that I've known since High School that has been dating this girl for about 3 months now. He met her during college and that whole shebang. Now it was just today that I saw a Facebook post that had the title of "When you know, you know." With a bunch of photos of the dinner he made and her saying yes and whatnot. Don't get me wrong, I don't have a problem with him being happy and wanting to marry his girl. BUT AT LEAST GET PAST THE HONEYMOON PHASE!!  Simply put: Am I the asshole for having my first reaction to this news be, "You've only been dating for 3 months. Why are you proposing?" Instead of "Congratulations! I'm so happy for you!"  EDIT: I did bite my tongue and say nothing to him. But I did have the internal monologue of, "You're nuts!"  Also the honeymoon phase in this context refers to the early part of the relationship where you wanna spend every second with each other and can't get enough either.
e8jnbh	I live in an off-campus house for university that my dad owns. It has 6 girls. 3 of the girls I’m very close friends with. 2 of the girls we didn’t know but we needed 2 more people to fill up the house. I go to a girl’s college and kind of grew up in a strict conservative household. I also have personal reasons for not being comfortable in small spaces with men I don’t know. One of the rules I put in place to all the girls is that it was a quiet, non-party house and that they weren’t allowed to have boys spend the night. They all agreed at the time. One of my friends, Eve started dating a guy and initially she stuck by the rules, but after a few months she talked to me personally and told me that her boyfriend lives with his parents and asked if she could have him stay over once in a while. Initially I said no but after I got to know him better, I decided to agree. This was after they were together for like 4 months and I had met him many times. I talked about it with the other girls and explained why I was bending my initial rules and asked them if they were all okay with it. They said they were fine with it. A months passes by and Eve’s BF has spent the night at our house maybe 4 times.    Then 4 days ago one of the girls, Anna (who I wasn’t friends with before she moved in) randomly invited a hook up to our house and had him spend the night. I didn’t realize until I saw him in the bathroom in the morning and had a mini freak out. I confronted her about it later and she said since I let Eve's boyfriend spend the night that she didn’t think it was a big deal. I told her there was a huge difference between Eve, who asked me before hand and brought her boyfriend and her inviting a hook up without letting any of us know.  Anna asked if I would have agreed if she had asked first and I said no because I don’t know the guy and I don’t feel comfortable with it. Anna accuses me of playing favorites and slut shaming her. This is not my intention. The thing is Anna is always spending the night at random people’s houses and has talked about her different hookups that she has. Some of the guys even she BARELY KNOWS. I don’t feel comfortable with this at all. However Anna thinks I'm trying to shame her for her sex life, when to me this is about about the presence of strange men in my home/   AITA here?
e8jjqh	I live in a neighborhood where it is rather difficult to park in front of your house. Most of the properties are duplexes and not all properties provide parking  for their tenants. I do not have parking  for the place I rent and need to do street parking, which can sometimes lead me to park far down my block or on another street. I have seen neighbors fight for parking spaces because one person would park in a way where they take up two spots, saving a spot for another person.  Tomorrow is trash day and on top of limited parking space, there are now trash bins on the street for trash pick up. I parked my car across the street from my house as my neighbor was walking out with her trash. After I got out of my car, she asked me to move my car said that she wanted to place her trash right in front of her house. Now I usually don't get to put my trash in front of my house because the street is usually full and I walk my trash down a house or two. But after she asked me (which was not in a rude way), I looked around and noticed the car behind me had space for her trash. I told her that I wasn't going to move my car and suggested the space behind the car that is behind me (which is still in front of her house), or another spot that is also not far from her house.  We then got into a fight and she said that she was just asking me to be neighborly. For me, I have never spoken to these people in the last 6 years of living in this neighborhood and have never once experienced anything neighborly from them. I also would NEVER ask someone to move their car just so I can put my trash in front of my house because that comes off as entitled. Another neighbor saw us arguing and said that he would move his car so they can have their trash in front of their house, I think he wanted to diffuse the situation. I guess him doing that made me look petty, but I also feel that they were rude for asking me to move my car when they had options. So now I am wondering, AITA? Should I have just moved my car?
e8jhy4	I will start off by admitting I can’t stand my boss’ husband. It isn’t so much his political ideology, but his behavior that makes me want to vomit.   He is strongly anti-immigrant, but especially and forcefully anti-undocumented residents. I first saw what a jack ass he is at the first company event where he targeted service workers with questions about their legal status (he only asked brown people, one of whom was South Asian). At another company event, he made a point to take pictures of some of the service workers with his phone because “they sounded illegal” and he wanted pictures in case he wanted to get ICE involved.  I don’t know why my boss brings him to company functions. He clearly makes everyone uncomfortable and I have found myself getting out of these functions with excuses because I don’t want to be around him.  But I have a video on my phone of him approaching random Spanish-speaking people on the streets taking pictures of them and asking them what their legal statuses are.   WIBTA if I posted the video on social media (anonymously)? He is my boss’ husband, I don’t want problems for my boss though...
e8iyws	 For starters, I love my mother. She has been exceedingly supportive of me through many times of need and I respect her a great deal.  A bit of background: we all work in a family business where my father and I are routinely working 10+ hour days and weekends. My mother also works in the business, however her work days are normally 4-5 hours long, and she only works 3-4 days a week. Because of this it is understood that whilst we will help out, she is mostly responsible for the housework and cooking. This has been the arrangement between her and my father since before I was even born, and up until now it has worked quite well for all of us.  However over the last few months I have been required to perform a lot of housework on top of my already very full work schedule, which would be okay if not for the fact that when we leave for work in the morning she is still eating breakfast and reading the news, then she turns up to work halfway through the day and leaves early, and then when we get home she is sitting watching TV and won't get up until she goes to bed.  Would I be an asshole for bringing it up and trying to have a discussion about how it is impacting the other members of the family, and trying to find out if there is something that has caused this issue that I can help with?
e8itor	I’ll try not to be biased because I’m pretty mad lol.   My mom (F53) is kind of a hoarder—not to the point where it’s hard to get around, but she tends to buy things like furniture and books and assorted junk just because it’s cheap and kind of cool. As a result, we have a ton of crap in our house. In the garage, mostly, but she also has the second largest room in our house as her “office” but nobody uses it because it’s so full of junk. There’s a bed on the floor that my nephew uses when he spends the night and we keep his toys in there but it’s packed with all kinds of random stuff. This room actually used to be my room, and the en-suite bathroom is exclusively mine even now, but she convinced me to trade down to the smallest room in the house (which is a whole other issue).   The thing is, a close friend of mine (M20) is coming to stay with us for a week starting on Friday and she said he could sleep in the spare room. She expects me to help clean, but mostly she’s just been telling me what to do and not helping at all. I’m a full time student and part time teacher and I haven’t been home a lot in the past semester so I don’t help around the house a lot, but I pay for all my own food and try to keep my room and bathroom clean.   The reason why I’m concerned that I’m TA is 1. it’s my friend who’s staying with us (but he’s more like a brother at this point) and 2. I haven’t been helping around the house a lot. But it’s all her junk.   So AITA? I wasn’t sure where to add this but I’m F20, if that changes things.   TLDR; my friend is spending a week in our house and my mom wants me to help clean her storage room so he can stay in it, but it’s completely full of all her stuff and she isn’t really pulling her weight
e8ip8e	My son (24M) and his girlfriend (24F) have only been together for 6 months, and she is apparently 4 months pregnant with his baby. They have actually been friends since high school, and so my husband and I have known her for a few years as well.   She is a lovely girl, but honestly she is not someone I had hoped would be the mother to my first grandchild. First of all, she is a recovering drug addict and alcoholic, and while she says she has been clean for 3 years, a relapse is always possible. She only finished high school with her GED, and she now works as a waitress full time. Her parents died years ago, so she is largely on her own.  Our family is considerably better off, and my son is joining his father's business, meaning his salary will be quite high and will only continue to grow.   Since my son first told us she is pregnant, it can't escape my mind that he may not really he the father, and that she picked him out of potential others because he would be the "best" in terms of support.   My son is pushing us to help her with some of her pregnancy expenses, and I told him we would under the condition that she get a paternity test first. He completely blew up at that, accusing us of disliking her (untrue) and not wanting to he grandparents (also untrue). He says he loves her and trusts her and that he can't wait to meet his baby. I get that, but I think he's being idealistic. If he wants our support, we want a paternity test first. If the baby is truly his then we would be happy to welcome her into our family and we would be happy to help her out. AITA?  Edit: there are 7k replies to this post, and over 200 private messages in my inbox that I can't reply to. It's a pretty even mix of YTA and NTA, so clearly the only thing everyone can agree with is that it's complicated. I've gotten messages to kill myself, I've gotten messages calling my son an idiot, and I have gotten messages from the MGTOW subreddit telling me that the girlfriend is clearly a lying sociopath. I have also gotten a lot of messages from men who found out their child wasn't theirs after several years, who wish they had found out sooner.   It's a lot to read, and a lot to think about. Many people have called out my attitude towards this girl and I'll be honest, it is making me think.
e8incg	So basically my 16 year oldsister has been hooking up with my good friend(who's 18) behind my back for 3 months. I just found out yesterday and I'm livid at mostly my friend but also my sister. I understand that's it her body and she can hook up with whoever she wants. However, I feel that going for my friends is crossing the boundary. So, AITA for being mad at both of them?
e8ie1f	I was waiting in line, at the post office between 4-5 pm today. The person in front of me got out of line, and walked out, I moved up. They came back after about 60 seconds, enough time for at least 6-8 people get in line behind me. They came back and got back in line. I told them that the line is back there, and gestured towards the back. They said that the person in front of them said that they would save their spot, but did not ask me. I told them politely that “we’re all waiting and it’s very rude...” they told me that they just went out to get their phone, and that they weren’t gone for about a minute. I told them that “this is a line, you get out, you can’t cut to get back in, unless you’re with a group, or have an assigned spot”. They ignored me. I knew no one was going to intervene or stand up, so I just stood there. I told a coworker and they were vehemently upset that it happened, but I feel that I should have just shut up, because I’m still anxious from it and second guessing myself.
e8i6mv	Complaining about missing my high-school graduation is an ongoing joke with my parents and I want the official verdict on the situation.  I don't like attention (the irony of saying this on a reddit post, I know, I know) and cringe at compliments and people bring proud of me. Therefore having my parents at my graduation would have been really awkward. Plus putting my parents through endless mediocre speeches about the future and the 5753577 rendition of those songs that get sung a literally every public event just sounds cruel. So like the nice person that I am, I didn't tell my parents about my graduation and went there on my own. Should I have told them? Maybe. However, they would've wanted to go and I would have been very uncomfortable. It's not like they've missed anything, I regretted actually showing up the entire time during my graduation, it was horrendously boring. So do I have an obligation to invite my parents to my graduation? (PS noone is or has ever been having a crisis over this, it's not that deep, I'm just curious).
e8hzcs	This may be kind of long, but please read the whole thing before making a judgement!   I graduated from college on Saturday.   About a week before the ceremony I texted my best friend if they’d be coming, fully expecting a “yes” because we are best friends and have been for years. They responded that they hadn’t gotten a paycheck in a few months and couldn’t afford to come.   I responded that the only cost would be the gas getting here. It wasn’t a sassy or bitter message, I promise I would admit it if so. They responded with a pretty defensive message about how they’d also need to pay for food and “other things they’d need for the trip” unless I was expecting them to “drive 8 hours in one day”. (They live with their parents in our hometown 3 hours away)  I was immediately pissed. Here’s the thing. The cost of the trip for them would have been the price of a tank of gas. That’s it. The only thing we did was dinner the night before and lunch after the ceremony, and my parents paid for both. My other friends who came didn’t spend a penny the whole time they were here, besides the friend who also drove in from out of town. We also aren’t the kind of friends who expect physical gifts from each other that would have cost money.  My best friend would have known this, had they asked. But they didn’t bother asking any details before saying they couldn’t come. And, no, I wasn’t expecting them to drive here and then right back after the ceremony. I have extra space in my apartment that they could have come up Friday after work and left sometime during the day Saturday, just like my other friend. But, again, instead of asking they just insinuated that I was expecting a round trip.   Regarding the whole haven’t gotten a paycheck in months thing, they work as a nanny and I have seen them getting Venmo payments in recent weeks so I know that isn’t true. They also drove 4 hours as recently as Halloween to spend the weekend with someone, which is another way I know that this whole situation is a matter of priority.   To top it off, the night before my graduation they posted a picture of a $10 movie ticket and on Saturday night they posted that they were getting drinks. A tank of gas would have cost them the same amount as a movie ticket and two drinks. So I know money wasn’t the real issue.  When they responded with that rude message I didn’t reply because I just didn’t know what to say. I didn’t want to lash out. Part of me didn’t believe the defensiveness they showed. On my graduation day I didn’t hear from them. We haven’t spoken since. AITA for being pissed about my best friend not making supporting me at graduation a priority? Ive battled mental illness and an emotionally abusive relationship throughout college, and there were times I wasn’t sure if I was going to graduate. This day was huge for me and they knew it.   AITA?
e8hs6w	Background:  I have never liked my birthday or celebrating it. It just make me feel down. I have not celebrated a birthday since I was 6 years old. This is a well-known fact with my family and SO. My SO's family, however, is big on birthdays.  The month before my birthday, I kept receiving texts asking me what I wanted. I would reply that I didn't want anything and that I would set up a birthday fundraiser like I do every year. It benefits a local shelter and I ask people to send donations to them instead of getting me a gift or hanging out with me.   I was told that it was my "big day" and no matter what, they just wanted me to be happy and do what I wanted, which was super nice.  A couple of weeks before my birthday, my SO told me not to make any plans that day. I told him I was already working on my birthday and asked why. He told me it was a surprise... I told him I did not want to do anything for my birthday, and asked again what was going on.  He finally revealed to me that he and a friend of mine had coordinated my parents and siblings AND my SO's parents and siblings (a total of 11 people) to watch the full length extended versions of LOTR in theaters.....holy shit. LOTR is my life. The books, movies, the world of Tolkein as a whole...So the thought was certainly there...  But I freaked out... I told him that I really didn't want to do anything for my birthday, that I had asked them to just leave the day alone like I always wanted to. Then, I personally called everyone to tell them that I was not interested in celebrating my birthday and thank them for thinking of me.  I apologized for seeming selfish or ungrateful, but explained how my birthday stresses me out (makes me realize I'm getting closer to death and think of all the things I haven't accomplished in life) and  everyone ended up returning their tickets (I assumed they would still see the movies if they wanted to...) Some were pissed, some were understanding. They all got full refunds.   Again, some of them were really irritated with me for this. I know why they were upset, but they all insisted that they wanted me to be happy and do what I wanted on my "special day..." And in truth, I just wanted to forget about my birthday and leave it alone....  AITA
e8hos2	My friend has had body issues since I’ve known her (about five years) and I’m pretty sure she has body dysmorphic disorder but hasn’t been officially diagnosed. She is constantly talking about how fat and wiggly she is. How she’s considered obese and needs to lose the weight, etc. but then goes on to talk about how fit I look when I am in fact over weight and short. She is 5’11 and weighed about 200lbs so she was heavy but not dangerously so. She recently lost 60lbs and is within a normal BMI and posted about how proud she is of taking off the weight. I’m proud of her for that too. It takes dedication and will power to lose that much and she looks good, if slightly skinny now. The issue comes because she is still talking about how fat she and how much she hates her body and she says all of it in front of her daughter and my kid. At thanksgiving she was recounting a story about how her daughter called her fat and that they just laughed about it and thought it was the funniest. My issue is that she’s passing her body issues on to her daughter and teaching her that it’s okay to be body obsessed. Would I be the asshole if I told her it’s not only going to affect how her daughter sees herself but possibly my child because she looks up to them so much?
e8hoaw	created a reddit just for this, am sorry if there are mistakes in formatting and structure.   For context, I am a highschool student, my mom is a teacher, and there are no reprecussions to  school staff if you're a student in my country ( not US ).   Today I overheard one of my classmates, Lucy in this story, making some serious bold statements about a teacher, including that this teacher abuses her power over students and meddles with grades, and when she brought up this teacher's name, I heard my mother's. I can say i wasn't too far from where Lucy was, and I could have genuinely misunderstood  it.   But, my first reaction was to go to my mom and tell her about this, and she reported it to the appropriate etiquette board at our school, and they had a meeting about this later in the day. According to Lucy she did not speak about my mother and instead another teacher at a school one of her relatives goes to. The results were inconclusive due to the he said she said situation and that nobody else in my class wanted to show up to support either side.   I feel guilty for this even if my mom tells me I did what I thought was right, but I still think I'm an asshole for eavesdropping on Lucy's conversation and possibly taking it out of context.   AITA?  [ EDIT : i forgot to add in that if these rumors got to administration, without an investigation, my mom would be fired which is also a reason why I and my mom took this so seriously.
e8ho7c	My fiancé and I are talking about getting when we’re getting married, and she brought up learning Japanese. She moved to America when she was 18 and speaks fluent English. She was taught English in Japan.   She wants me to learn Japanese so I can talk to her parents. Which I would think about, except THEY ALREADY SPEAK ENGLISH! Not great, but I’ve talked to them before and they get by. It’s not like I have boatloads of free time to spare, if I didn’t work I’d try, but she wants me to learn the language so I can talk to people I can already talk to. Doesn’t really make sense.   I told her this and she said that it’s ridiculous that I’m not willing to make this sacrifice. It’s not like learning Japanese is an easy task, to become usefully fluent takes hundreds of hours.   Anyway I told her it’s out of the question and she’s all mad because I’m not willing to sacrifice my time doing this pointless exercise, AITA?
e8hhlt	Started a fight with my mom this morning that sometimes she doesnt pull her weight around the house. I work long hours most days and dont get home till like 8.30pm/9pm. So everyone has had dinner etc and getting ready to go to bed. And i stay up for like 1hr to chill out play games before bed to de-stress before work tomorrow. Anyway i didnt have to start till 9.30am this morning and i told my mum this but she woke me up anyway at 5.30am. Made me breakfast when i really just wanted to sleep in. I was pretty mad and i started an argument because i was tired but i started it about why she doesnt pull her weight around the house. This is because she studies a course at home and does little else. She cooks breakfast lunch and dinner and regular stuff but my siblings and i clean up the kitchen and are supposed to do the bathrooms toilets bins etc. Anyways i got mad at her because on friday i came home ( i work at a clinically clean environment.) And the bathroom hadnt been cleaned for a week easily. There were cockroaches on the sink thats how gross it was. We are currently using 1 bathroom for 5 people because the other is getting fixed. I got really mad and started saying she doesnt really pull her weight and she seems to think i should do these when i come home from work. Along with the kitchen and stuff. So i got in and cleaned that mess up(still friday). My parents said we would have a talk about changes to who does what so its shared evenly but monday came around and that talk never happened. I blew up at my mom this morning putting her in tears (i didnt yell or anything i can just make someone cry by talking and making my point succinctly). Anyway i didnt feel bad at all because im so tired all the time and i dont want to lose my job as im relatively new. But i dont physically or mentally have the energy to do this stuff after work. She does drive me to the bus stop. (3 minute drive which i pay 10$ a week for) and make my lunch but ive had days off work and literally she spends it sitting around watching tv or on her phone. breakfast not cleaned up until someone gets home and then hurridly cleans up and makes dinner etc. She might do an odd day of cleaning the shower or changing the bed sheets but its more sitting around most days. Anyways im 19 and i still just want to be a normal teenager playing games saving money etc (i hope thats normal teenage stuff 😂 i dont party EVER or drink or smoke and i save money well ( i basically have no friends so yea i just game mostly). But after the fight i drove myself to the bus stop with im an asshole playing on the radio as i drove out the driveway. (Clichè but happened) So yea idk how to feel about this whole situation but i feel like a massive asshole aita?
e8hh58	Just today I was on a road trip to a small rural town. There was a restaurant I found out about by doing a Google search of the area, about 4 or so miles outside of town. I drove to the restaurant, but when I got there I saw the place was closed, with no explanation.   I had already checked their online hours listing them as open during this day/time, and additionally their hours were on a big sign on their front window, and they confirmed the very same thing. But for some reason, the restaurant was closed.  I have a Yelp account but very rarely use it; I’ve posted maybe 5 total reviews over the 7 years I’ve had it, all places that really stood out to me, and never done any negative ones. I was feeling pissed about having driven miles out of town for nothing, so I broke this trend and gave the place a one star review on Yelp.  I was talking about it with a friend and they said they thought I was being too harsh giving a bad review without knowing the full story. They suggested maybe the owner could have had a sudden family emergency or something serious like that that required them to leave. It’s certainly possible, but unlikely and not something I’d have any way of knowing. I’d like to give this place another chance and potentially improve the review, but it’s unlikely I’ll be in that area anytime soon. AITA?
e8hc8z	My gf understands that people act differently with their friends, because she and I have had conversations about it before about how we all are different with different groups of people. However she told me that I seemed like I was trying too hard to act cool around my friends, when I am enough and don't need to try so hard for people to like me?  I was telling my friends my gf likes her food burnt, bc she likes it extra crispy sometimes and she said I was being annoying and try to use her to look cool in front of my friends. I also mentioned something in front of her about how my balls felt nice and hot from the fire outside and she said it made her uncomfortable that I said this in front of a group of people.  AITA? I don't think any of this is that bad.
e8hacs	Hi, last weekend my wife and i went to a furniture store to buy two bar stools to put in our basement. We looked around the store for about an half hour and found a couple we liked. None of them were in stock so they wouldnt sell floor models, ok. We looked around some more found some we did like and they did have them in stock so we could take them home today. They go and get them bring them upfront and began ringing me up.  "Whats your name"  -[insert name]  "Whats your phone number" -why do you need it?  "Its policy"  -weird policy but ok. (Gave them a fake phone number)  "And your address"   -why do you need that?  "Hard to deliver the furniture without it." -but heres my barstools behind me im taking them home now.  "We still need it just in case" -incase what? You want to send me a <greatest sale everrrrr> catalogue?  "We need to verify you are who you say you are." -Im sorry is this the Walgreens? Am i purchasing a barstool made of painkillers?  So at this point im irritated and the guy who was a manager was being a dick (in my opinion)  "We need to verify you are who you say you are when purchasing with a card" -Ok thats fair but i have cash. You do accept cash correct?  "No" -Ok... then what you want to see my drive license?  "Yes" -Ok  I pull it out and hand it to him he sets it on his desk and starts copying the information to his computer and so i lost my temper.  -What the fuck are you doing? "Copying your information."  So i grab the DL back and beging to leave. My wife is kinda just silently shocked and the manager calls me an asshole.   So i retaliated and said  Atleast im not a miserable overweight balding furniture store manager who cant go to his kids school events without getting the police called on him for looking like Creep.  I got in my truck and left. Later my wife said i was rude for not telling him the address when he asked.   So am i the asshole?  Also id like to add. I like my privacy. Ive had issues with burglary in the past and i like to keep my information hidden.  Edit: yes calling him names was asshole of me. But i kinda felt justified since this guy called me an asshole before i was "rude" and i feel that asking if i can not have my information stored in their system is a fair question.  Edit2: also the guy was kinda a prick while my wife and i were shopping since it was inconvenient for him to have to check if they had thing in stock for us to take home same day.   Edit3: fine im the asshole
e8h5ij	I’ve been together with my bf (7 years older than me) for half a year now. We just moved in two months ago because we were both living alone before and we thought it might be a good idea to reduce unnecessary rent expense. I am a graduate student and I earn bare minimum (30k a year) and I still have 2-3 years left with ~50k in school debt, which I am slowly repaying.   Our monthly rent is 2400 (I pay 1000 and he pays 1400), and because neither of us cook, we eat out  frequently. For food expense, we split almost half and half (he pays a bit more). Overall, I pay ~40% of dating-related expenses. In the last couple months, I saved up absolutely nothing because of housing-related expense (like furniture) and wow, dating is expensive. I maxed out on my credit card too (low limit though).  Last week, I was talking to him about my current financial situation and he revealed to me (for the first time) that he earns close to 175k a year, which is almost 6 times more than what I earn. I assumed he would be earning around 100k.. So I asked him whether he could pay for the entire monthly rent just for January and February because I actually don’t have money, and my scholarship should be deposited next March or so. He was very reluctant and told me that just because he earns more, doesn’t mean that money is worth less to him. Also, he told me that since we’ve been going out for a short period of time, he didn’t want to spend too much, in case we break up, that he didn’t overspend on an unsuccessful relationship. This got me super furious.   Look, I am not someone who asks my bf to pay for everything. I think for what I’m earning, I am spending quite a bit on this relationship and it frustrates me to hear him say that he doesn’t wanna take a financial risk. I told him that if this is how he wants to handle this, that I want to move out and maybe see him less so that I don’t have to spend too much. And now he’s mad. Am I being selfish?? Is it too much to ask when he’s earning way more than me? He has no debt, and his family is well off, so I know that all the money he earns, he invests in real estate and cars. AITA???
e8h39h	So we had an Open Doors day at my arts school the other day (Im 11th grade, 17) and I was the representative for my specialty (Graphic Design). Basically what I did all day long was tell people about the specialty, show what we do, and at the end of the day I gave a final tour to a family that came late and they seemed genuinely interested and enthused in applying.   Just when I had finished my teacher came [He is very easily offended, rude and hot-tempered and if you can’t tell already I don’t particularly like him]. The parents asked him what are good lessons to send your kid to to prepare for the entry test for our school and he gave his number to redirect them to someone he knew.  I decided to intervene, because I myself went to preparation lessons (and still go there) where the teacher used to be deputy principal of our school. This man is like a father to me and he gives genuinely good lessons in an adequate environment which has the necessary supplies and costs a reasonable price. I was and still am absolutely convinced that this is the best place for this kid. At my entry test I had a grade of 5.45 out of 6 (European grading system) and this other girl that went to his courses had a 5.95 which was the top grade for the year. Everyone else who had went to his courses had entered in their desired specialty so I hope that emphasises his efficiency.  Anyway. Just after my teacher had given his phone number I interjected and mentioned about my teacher. Honestly, it did cross my mind that I might be overstepping, but I felt like I needed to say it and the parents gladly wrote down his number too and just as I was about to tell them everything I did to you guys, my teacher cut me off and said, rather rudely, “Alright just go pack your things because I want to lock the place and leave.” I immediately got his hint, but I pretended I didn’t. I just gathered my stuff and when the parents left, he turned to me and said somewhat threateningly “Never, ever do that again. What you did just now was a really stupid move and you’re screwing me over this way.” I sugarcoated an apology and pretended that I didn’t realise what I was doing until he mentioned it and I’m pretty sure he believed me. He said that I’ve had a long day and the work that I had done was great, but made it very clear that what I did was wrong.   I do not regret speaking up on this one at all, because I genuinely believe that this is the right place for the kid. What my teacher would have done (and I’m  certain about this) was send the kid to his wife which also works in the school. She is terribly rude too and the kid wont learn much from her in regards to drawing, because what she does is she takes absurdly high prices for her lessons and in the end she just gets the kids in the school with connections. Which is not cool.  The dilemma is wether it is a dick move to my teacher (who had genuine intentions too) And if so, was it an unjustified one and does it make me an asshole or not?
e8h1a6	To add a little context we've been married comming up on 5 years, but together almost 9. We had our first kid within a month of us graduating High School. She was a stay at home mom for the most part thanks to an incredibly supportive and helpful family. She finally had the opportunity to go to and finishing Nursing School and landed a job that seems to be her dream job. She comes home most nights to wake me up and tell me her crazy experiences at work, or some funny stories with her co-workers. This is kinda where things have been getting complicated for me. I work 7AM-330PM. Her schedule is weird and very inconsistent. She works most nights from 4PM-11PM, every other weekend from 11AM-11PM, and kinda random off days. Im not going to lie, the staggered schedules SUCK. She's not home by the time I get home because I work like 45 minutes away. What sucks even more is I know I'd kill for an opportunity to work at my dream job and it would really suck to lose that. Anyone with experience in this department?
e8gy7d	My (F21) bf Jack (22) is a pretty nerdy. I don't mind usually, it's often quite cute, but recently I've been getting annoyed with him.  He met my friends a few months ago, and except for one of them, let's call her Alex (F25), none of them are particularly interested in IT/tech/games/etc. He did try to talk with them, but was more on the quiet side.This changed when he started talking to Alex once she asked about his hobbies.  From that moment on, we had two separate conversations; Alex and Jack talked about their projects and whatever else, and the rest of us about other things. Since then, whenever we hang out they immediately start talking to each other, while they are more quiet when it's only one of them. I think he should try to engage in "normal" conversations when my friends are around and it's embarrasing if they start their circlejerks. Plus he now plays League of Legends with her quite often.  Before anyone says that: I'm not jealous, I know he likes me and wont hit on her, I just think it's weird that they are so conversationally clingy.  WIBTA if I tell him to tone it down?  Edit:   I put "normal" in quotation marks. It's not really abnormal, just not really the common ground in our group.
e8gohq	I recently got accepted into college on an academic scholarship, however, the scholarship does not take effect until my second semester (I go in the spring semester). My parents argue that I should take a gap semester and reapply for the fall semester. My dad says I am being selfish and putting the family in a tight spot financially.  We live in a shitty small town and this is my one chance to get out, and I know my decision will hurt my folk's feelings, but  I don't want to be a selfish asshole about it.
e8gmjr	 Background:  My friend who we will refer to as Alex (M20) is turning 21 during spring break next year and planned a trip to Las Vegas and invited me (M21) and a bunch of other friends who are 21/will be 21 by spring break. Initially, I agreed to go as I just turned 21 and a Las Vegas trip with friends sounded fun. I agreed to go and even offered to help plan the trip out a bit. I agreed to go on the trip in early August. We then began to delve into the ticket and housing prices which would be \~$300-350 for three days and on top of that I would have to spend money on food and other activities. I then decided that it was too expensive of a trip/not a trip I’d like to spend that much money on. I informed Alex of my decision to not go in September (6 months ahead of the planned trip!) and he was disappointed and said it upset him a bit that I initially agreed to go for his birthday and help plan it but then dropped out. He eventually got over it.    Now here is where I’m wondering if I would be the AH:  Shortly after in October I was hanging out with two close friends who we will call Rob (M21) and John (M21). We were joking about how we all had no plans during winter break, and we joked about going on a Las Vegas trip... well we ended up looking at tickets for Las Vegas during winter break and we found really cheap round tickets for a 2 day trip to Las Vegas where housing and plane tickets would be \~$100. We spontaneously decided to buy the plane tickets and booked our housing situation. We also all agreed that we wanted it to be a lowkey trip with only us three guys. We agreed to not tell anyone else about this trip just to simplify things. Of course there is a huge possibility that people will eventually find out about the trip. I know if Alex were to find out about my Las Vegas trip with Rob and John (who were also invited to Alex’s 21st birthday trip, but declined to go from the get go), he would be extremely hurt (more by me than Rob and Alex I would guess), so I am heavily leaning towards not telling Alex about the trip at all. The tickets and bookings have already been bought/made, so I am going on this trip no matter what. So now I have two questions: AITA for planning this trip? And WIBTA for not telling Alex about this trip and hoping he doesn’t find out?  TLDR; told my friend I would go and help plan a trip for his 21st birthday during spring break, then found out the trip was going to be too expensive so I decided not to go, then I found really cheap flight tickets during winter break and planned a low-key trip with two of my other good friends. AITA for going on this trip and WIBTA if I didn’t tell my first friend about it?
e8ggz3	I was discussing the upcoming year last night with my wife and the subject of her childhood friends wedding came up, the conversation started something like this (these aren't exact words and I may not be conveying this perfectly, so bear with me):  Her: "we don't have much travel next year, except for my friends wedding"  Me: "I didn't think I was going to that, and I don't want to go, do I need to go?"  Her: "Yes, she's family"  Me: "No she's not"  Her: "She's like family to me, and you need to come"  Me: "I really don't want to, I don't know her that well, and every time I'm here for things like this I'm basically assigned to watch the kids (love my kids, but they can be a handful) while everyone else has a great time"  The conversation then proceeded to get into a full blown argument where she said she came to all of my family's weddings and I pointed out she hasn't come to any of my very close friends' weddings. Basically her argument hinges on her friend being family, which is hard for me to understand given she clearly didn't care to come to my friends weddings (to be fair, I didn't really care if she came as it's not someone important to her and told her so, and she probably would have come if I had insisted, but she clearly didn't want to).  A bit of background information: I come from a large family (7 siblings including me) while she comes from a 2 child household. The friend in question grew up on the same block as my wife and they played together most days until around 8-10 ish (could be way off on the years, but the friends family moved away before the end of high school). They've stayed in contact since then, but mostly see each other around once a year.  Relevant information:  The last time our families got together I was stuck watching my screaming children in another room for 3-4 hours while listening to loud laughter floating in from the other room. I don't want a repeat of that  The wedding will be in another state, and I don't want to pay \~$1,200 to fly 3 extra people up to a wedding that has no real importance to anyone but my wife. I'd much rather stay home with the kids and have fun there.  ATIA?  &#x200B;  Edit: Thanks everyone for the replies, I guess as is normal with reddit there are lots of people jumping to conclusions, nit picking wording, etc., but I appreciate the insight that some of you had.
e8gfh5	TL;DR : Son keeps smoking weed, I keep catching him. He no longer hangs out with friends. Does good in school despite smoking.   This is a long story. The first time anything had happened with my son was when he was caught at a party drinking and had to go to a substance abuse program after blowing a .076 BAC. This was beginning of sophomore year (high school). My wife and I had let him off easy, trusting that he would not do this again. We talked about how it’s wrong to drink at this age and he seemed to fully understand and cooperate with us, so there was no punishment.   Fast forward to January of his sophomore year, I had found weed ash outside of his window on the snow the morning after he hung out with a couple of friends. I took his phone and he wasn’t allowed to play xbox or meet with his friends for about a month. At that point, I decided to start randomly drug testing him.   Some time after he was ungrounded, he went on an overnight field trip for his business club, where he smoked with his friend and I was able to find out after he tested positive for THC. He was once again grounded and not allowed to do basically anything for about a month and a half, and because of this he didn’t go skiing much and after that the season was over.   He no longer hangs out with his friends because they all enjoy smoking when they hangout. My son says he likes smoking and he doesn’t experience any side effects which is hard to believe. He has good grades in schools with only a couple Bs from 9th grade and the rest are As. He seems to be really upset that he doesn’t hangout with his friends anymore as they don’t include him in many activities. I think it’s for the better since he won’t be ruining his childhood through marijuana use. He is a very social person so it’s kind of a bummer he isn’t with his friends.   So reddit, AITA for being too harsh?
e8geyy	I work at a concession stand in Canada.  We take cash only and Canadian money only.  When customers approach with American money, I am supposed to turn then away.  However, what I have been doing is offering to take their money at a 1-1 (if product price is 1$ CAD, customer gives me 1$ American) in order to make the sale.  I then exchange the American money from the till with my own money and take the American.  I brought this up to a few friends and they were shocked, and they were all in consensus that I am indeed the asshole.  The way I see it, I'm allowing a customer to buy something they otherwise couldn't, I'm allowing the concession to sell something they otherwise couldn't, and I'm getting tipped 30% (or whatever the exchange is).  So Reddit, AITA?  Edit: Typo
e8gbe3	A bit of context- me and my mum had an argument about this incident and now I've been banned from all internet for a week I've convinced her to let make this post. Also this is a bit long so there's a TL;DR at the bottom  Today, my year went on a trip to a german market. We wandered around in small groups by ourselves, trying the food and buying things.  My mum happened to have a job in the area at that time. She thought that I would be freezing (because it was quite cold) and she looked for me.   My mum's side:  This morning I forgot to tell her that she should wear a coat. I have to tell her because otherwise she wouldn't and I usually force her. I finished my job and stepped outside. It was freezing! I immediately thought that WeirdMuscles must be freezing and I called the school to check if they'd arrived. I decided to look for WierdMuscles and if I found her I would buy her a coat to wear.   When I did find her (after searching for a while), I thought that she'd be fine at first but after I thought about it, I knew that she would be cold. When I looked at her, I knew that she was cold. How could I go and leave her like this? She is a child and not aware of herself. She is also very very very stubborn. So I decided to buy her a coat. Luckily after I bought the coat, I spotted her straight away. I offered her the jacket but she refused it and she ran, saying that she was going to be left behind. I ran after her and caught up to WierdMuscles. This time I begged her "Please take this coat for me and if you respect me". I got really upset. After going to so much trouble, she didn't take it. I was angry and decided that I would give her a punishment when I got home.(sorry if it's a bit hard to understand, english isn't my mum's first language)  My side:  The teachers let us wander around in groups and I was with some friends. When my mum first found me, she asked if I was cold and whether she should buy me a coat. I told her that I was fine and that she shouldn't bother with the trouble. I thought that that was the end of that  I happened to run into my mum again and she told me to wear a coat that she bought for me. I tried to tell her no politely but she kept insisting. My group was, annoyingly, walking away from us. If I lost them then I would be toast (not very good with directions) I told my mum that I had to go or I would lose my group so I said bye to her and ran towards the traitors. One of my friends wanted something from a stall so we stopped there. My mum caught up to us and I told her, again, that I wasn't going to wear it when she insisted that I should. None of us wanted to be late to meet up so we had to go and I said bye to my mum again.   When my mum picked me up from school, she took my phone off me and said that I was banned from the technology for a week. I thought that I didn't do anything that bad so I argued back and here we are.  TL;DR my mum banned me from technology for a week because I didn't wear a coat when she told me to.
e8fkb7	My girlfriend and I were together for 8/9 months and we’ve been broken up about a month and a half. The breakup was fairly mutual, we talked about it a lot and exchanged belongings after the breakup.  I unofficially lived at her house she was renting around 5 months into the relationship because I had no money to rent my own place and she offered for me to live with her while I started to get back on my feet. We decided that I’d pay some money towards to rent and bills each month, as it was only fair.   After the breakup I collected some belongings from her Mum’s house and her Mum asked me when I was going to pay the last part of the rent and bills (£110) and I told her I didn’t have the money right now but I am still going to pay it. These weren’t official payments, just a bank transfer to my ex-girlfriend.   A couple of weeks after the breakup my ex-girlfriend saw that I had got a Tinder profile through one of her friends and went crazy at me over messenger saying such things as; I hate you, you’re a desperate guy, fucking liar, a prick, desperate, insecure... I could go on. She also said she was blocking me and never wanted to speak to me again.  Now, I got a message from her Mum today asking when I was going to pay the money I ‘owed’ because my ex-girlfriend needs it. I’m pretty sure I have no legal obligation to pay the money, and also with me now having my new place and Christmas coming up I really don’t have the money for it. I was more than happy to pay the money when I had it whilst we were still talking and mutual, but after all the horrible things she has said and posted about me online, and with my current financial situation I really don’t feel the need or want to give her the money. So would I be the asshole if I didn’t pay her?
e8fd7p	So, some context, I (m18) am a trans man (ftm) and I currently still love at home and am attending high school. My parents are very supportive for the most part, there’s a few things that they can’t seem to grasp about all this but I’m especially lucky to have the amount of help and support that I do have from them.   One point of contention between my parents and I are old pictures of me. Now, they wouldn’t be a problem if they weren’t hung up, (and we don’t even have that many pictures hung up anyways, most of them of my older two siblings and other family members) So, I asked if I could edit the few pictures of young me that are hung up (I’m pretty skilled in photoshop) so that I wouldn’t want to spontaneously combust anytime I happened to go upstairs. This started a mini argument, since my parents were both against me making any changes to them. I later talked to my dad, bringing it up again, and he again said no, so I responded with, “well, if you won’t let me edit them, then I’d like you to take them down and if they’re put up after I’ve moved out then I’m not visiting your home.”   He then agreed to take them down, because our relationship is strained enough already (for very different reasons) and knows that my saying that isn’t just an empty threat. I just want to know if my asking to edit the photos and then telling my dad that I won’t go into a house with pictures that make me feel uncomfortable is an asshole thing to do? Idk, I might be bias (for obvious reasons) and I’d like an outside perspective.     INFO: there are only 2-3 pictures, I didn’t yell or get especially angry at them (nor them with me), I’m annoyed but that’s expected, and I haven’t refused to visit them at all due to this, I just refuse to make myself feel shitty if I don’t have to. I accept that just because people do and say things that make my dysphoria worse doesn’t mean they’re shitty, like when a stranger misgenders me or when substitutes forget to say my last name even though I asked. People aren’t perfect or immediately aware of my situation and I don’t expect them to be, but I don’t think it’s too much to ask for my Parents to do things that help to make me feel more normal.
e8f8qm	I am the oldest of 3, my brother is 16 and my sister is 15 I am 18. Me and my brother have never gotten along, tho I'm older you could never tell cause no matter what it was he was better than me. Video games? he can do it better, sports? he can do it better, academics? he was honor roll for crying out loud. My brother also used that to stick to me every time and made fun of me a lot but I was bigger at the time which lead to us fighting (verbally and physically). Once we hit our teens the only thing I had on him was my height and he got taller than me too, I was pissed I worked hard for everything and it all gets overshadowed by him just being naturally gifted. I have to hear him calling me shorty, dumbass, unathletic fuck up and all these other insults that just piss me off. I fire back with insults too cause I'm not gonna let him walk over me but I can't think of a single time where we were actual brothers and got along.  The ONE thing I have that I'm better than him is working out I am WAY stronger than him. I never tried to tease him for me being stronger cause he had more ammunition and I really just want him to leave me alone. I work out at the local gym as an escape from my family and I have a small group of buddies that I hang out with daily. I use the gym as an escape from him and from all my stresses and it soothes me.  I went into the gym a couple days ago and lo and behold my brother is there.  I was pretty pissed and asked him what he was doing there and he gave me a snarky "getting better for sports" line, I had enough and told him to find another gym, this is MY escape from you and stress.  He got pretty pissed and left, once I got home I guess he told our parents and they forcing me to pay for his membership for the first 2 months as punishment for us "fighting".  I am pretty pisse dat this cause not only is he better than me at everything now I have to pay him to get better than me at this AND I get my only place to really escape from him and stress taken away.    I am so done with this, I move out in less than a year and I'm honestly just counting my days.    I am curious what y'all think AITA in this situation?   THIS IS A REPOST CAUSE IT HAD MISSING DETAIL.
e8ezcl	So I'm kinda at a bit of dilemma. I'm in college, and for the first time ever I'm sharing a living space with someone I don't know. It's been going somewhat okay, but my roommate doesn't talk to me at all. When I do start up a conversation she's nice enough, but also she kinda stole my nail clipper and broke a container of mine without telling me. (Something I put together pretty easily considering she just put it back in the freezer broken with the contents still inside...) So I guess you could say it's going fine.  I don't want to make our living arrangements any more awkward, but recently something has been irking me. In our fridge, I bought us a shared Brita water filter. Everything else of ours is separate, but I specifically said we can share this because it's just a filter. You fill it up after you use it, or you don't. I don't really care cause I can just fill it up myself. However, she never uses it. Instead, she puts one or two plastic disposable water bottles in the fridge every day, and when they're chilled, empties them into a reusable water cup...Which I kinda found really odd. She even has her own pitcher in the fridge filled with water that she never uses. I'm not some crazy chick who will lampoon anyone for using plastic water bottles, but this seems excessive and even a waste of money. It fills out tiny recycling bin to the brim in only a few days, and seems like a general waste.  However, I'm worried I'm gonna overstep my boundaries if I ask her to relax with the water bottles and remind her that we have a shared water filter in the fridge. WIBTA ?  &#x200B;  Edit: Thanks y'all for telling me I'd be the asshole for asking. I figured I'd probably would be since it's my first time living with someone and I don't know the ropes, but I'm for certain now just gonna let it ride out.
e8ef4f	Every year a group of friends and I have a Friendsgiving dinner. For the unaware, it's a Thanksgiving-themed potluck that friends do after real Thanksgiving since most people have family obligations for the holiday. I have a friend thats not really a part of the clique and doesn't really get along with some of the people in the group, and the day of as I was taking him to work I mentioned I was going to a Friendsgiving dinner, and invited him last minute. When I informed the group, some people predictably reacted poorly to the news, and I was asked not to bring my friend on the grounds that there wasn't enough space to fit him at the table, and "not everyone likes him". I understood that I messed up since we were kinda packed already and I invited him last minute, but was upset that we wouldn't even try to fit him in since people didn't like him. Had it been a shared friend in the group, we would have. Nor did I complain when people I dislike were invited. Regardless, I was upset that for a single night I couldn't have my friends together to enjoy a Friendsgiving dinner without dramatic bullshit. It's already difficult enough for me to keep them separated, since I have to be mindful of who all is going when we do things as a group. Was it really so much to ask that people put aside their differences and share some food for a single night? We're adults, and I feel like this was some high school level shit - just because you don't like someone isn't reason enough to be so disrespectful and exclusionary imo.  I told my friend that he couldn't go because there wasn't space, and I feel like an asshole on both sides, but I just wanted to bring my friends together for a good meal. Am I?  Some background: my friend has some very opposing moral viewpoints to the group, and expressed them on Facebook at one point, getting into an online argument. Their relationship only got worse from there.  Edit: their disagreements are best described as political. He doesn't think pedophiles are okay or hate minorities or anything. The argument that started it all stemmed from a FB post from one party about defining what is and is not considered depression. It's a long series of FB drama. Also, it's an event planned as a group - while we had a host in the sense that someone provided a place to eat, it's not like we had someone organize everything themself. Like, I brought a table for us. People invited whomever they liked, and it was only an issue when I invited someone myself. The "host" didn't care that I invited someone except that there wasn't a lot of space in his apartment.
e8e84b	I just need a few answers don't blow this up, incase the teacher uses reddit.  Ok so I am currently a high school senior and a part time PSEO (Post Secondary Enrollment Option) student. I have classes in the morning and come back to school just in time to grab lunch and hang out with my friends, in their Reading Hour/Homeroom time. However, their teacher likes to give me a hard time when I come in to eat and chat with them, even though I had asked the teacher for permission before I started doing so (however there was a misunderstanding and we resolved it).  The teacher likes to make comments like: - where I should be right now - why I don't just go to lunch and eat by myself - To clean up after myself - Etc.  My responses: - I already told him that I have free periods and that I am just here to eat and chill with my friends - I told him that if he wanted I could eat in that lunch, it wasn't big deal and he always responded that "it was fine" - I always cleaned up after myself, but he constantly reminds me to and makes small comments about how his room is dirty  The teacher's homeroom is pretty chill and students are allowed to do whatever. Whenever I come eat in his room I sit in the backish with my friends and eat/talk.   While I am grateful for the teacher letting me eat in his class and I get why he wants me to clean up, etc. It's a whole other thing when he let's random students do the same thing with no permission, without hassling them.  So reddit, would I be the asshole if I were to pull a senior prank on the teacher, involving leaving the room a little messy before I graduate?
e8e3bc	Throwaway because my wife uses reddit too.  Hello reddit,  I think i'm not allowing my son (4) to cry he will develope a stronger personality. I was raised as a crybaby myself. Because of that even little mean comments or profanities directed at me made cry. Even when i was already 14 years old. My own parents encouraged my crying and comfortet me, like most parents would do. But i think if they had been a little harder on me i would become tougher. Because i would know how to control/surpress my feeling. That doesnt mean you should scream at your kid. If my son starts crying i let him for about 2 minutes, then i say: its enough, please stop crying. And his gender isnt important to this, even if he was a girl i would do this. My wife thinks this is crazy. So.. AITA  Sorry for bad grammar, im not a native speaker
e8du2t	Judging by the title it seems like I’m TA, but stay tuned.   I’m a college student, and my boyfriend and friend live on campus. Her boyfriend, her, my boyfriend, and I are all going on a double date tonight. We’re all good friends so it’ll be fun. Afterwards, my boyfriend was gonna come over for some NSFW activities to destress after exams.   At my college, your dorm must be inspected and extremely clean before you leave for the holidays. I live off campus in my own house so I don’t have to deal with that, but my friend and my boyfriend do.   I lived on campus for two years and while the cleaning (called white glove) was a pain, I usually got my dorm tidy enough in 4 - 6 hours and passed inspection. You split the work with your roommate unless you don’t have one.   My friend already passed her white glove inspection and will be leaving tomorrow to visit her family. My boyfriend is set to do his white glove tomorrow night at 7:30pm. He is done with his exams (finished Friday) and is not working anymore until after break. He has all the time in the world to do this.   My boyfriend is stressing *like crazy* over his white glove inspection even though he has 2 full days to clean his dorm. He also has a homework assignment due Friday. In my eyes, he has plenty of time to knock all that out with an abundance of extra time to spare. However, he said he could not come work on his homework with me in the library today nor could he grab lunch on campus with me (included with our tuition so money isn’t an issue) because he “didn’t have time” as he needed to prepare for white glove inspection and do his homework.   I told him I thought it was absurd that he needed 18 hours (the amount of free time he has until inspection) to do both his white glove cleaning and a homework assignment due Friday, and that I didn’t understand why he couldn’t work on the assignment with me as well as grab food since I’m on campus studying for *my* exams which aren’t over yet.   He kept griping about how much he has to do in terms of cleaning (apparently sweeping, wiping down the window, sink, etc. takes 12 hours to do, despite myself remembering it taking 1/3 that time...) so I decided instead to cancel our “sleepover” after the double date, and instead have a fun night with my friend who is finished with her inspection and doesn’t have anything to worry about.   I feel like he’ll probably be peeved, but in my eyes, if you can’t make 30 minutes to see me when I’m struggling through exams and stressed, then you must not have the time to spend an entire 10 hours with me after dinner. AITA?  Edit: Not sure if this changes anything but he doesn’t have a car, so I’m responsible for driving him back and forth to his dorm.
e8dre8	Throwaway because she knows my main.   I've been with my girlfriend for 3 years, & it's been pretty smooth so far except for this. At the beginning of our relationship, she told me she's mildly allergic to dogs & also was afraid of them. I have a dog, a sweet whippet/beagle mutt I rescued. I've had her since before I even met my girlfriend, and I love them both equally. I asked her if having a dog would be a problem, and she assured me that we could compromise and that she'd never, ever ask me to get rid of my dog so I figured it'd be fine.   Well, she's moved in now after 3 years; we're really happy in our sleepy little town. She has her own room so she has somewhere to be away from my dog, but recently she's been hinting that she'd like me to sleep in her bed with her so we can cuddle and be close, and that she misses it (I would sleep in the room with her when she first moved in, but my dog whines at the door because she has separation anxiety so I stopped and slept in my room instead). To be clear: we're both fine with not sleeping together all the time, she tosses and turns in her sleep and I'm a light sleeper so it's the best solution. Anyway:   I told her I would sleep in the room with her if my dog could at least sleep in the room as well, or else she'll whine and keep me up. She wasn't a fan of the idea and asked if my dog would knock her collections of stuff over (she's a magpie and loves collecting stuff to display, and my dog jumps around a lot) and I assured her she wouldn't, so my girlfriend reluctantly allowed her in. All was forgotten when we wound down for sleep, and I let my dog into the room. She immediately jumped on the bed, and my girlfriend yelled at her to get off the bed. I told her she's used to sleeping in the bed with me and I thought she knew that, but my girlfriend insisted that she has to sleep on the floor.   I told my girlfriend that wasn't gonna happen (mostly because my dog would crawl into bed anyway) and walked out of the room to sleep in my room instead. We woke up and she's mad at me, telling me I didn't even try to compromise, that I walked out instead of talking, and only wanted it "my way" but I think she's the one who isn't compromising about my dog.   Any extra information that might be relevant: She treats my dog well, always keeps to the proper training bits I taught her and uses the commands my dog knows. She hardly ever yells at the dog, only when she starts jumping on her and I can't fault her for that because she's afraid of dogs. She takes my dogs for walks in the mornings because she wakes up early, even though she asked that she not be responsible for her at all.   tl;dr Girlfriend wanted to cuddle, but my dog whines at the door so we let her in. Girlfriend mad because dog wants to sleep on the bed and I walked out so there wouldn't be a problem
e8djwq	I (m44) am married to my lovely wife (f37) and live with her 3 children and mother.   I have the the only income in the house and I’m responsible for anything regarding money. I don’t have a problem with this.   I have a small business that is run by employees and also work a pretty cushy sales job from home with some travel. With my current employment/income situation it could be said that I don’t work very “hard” for my money, in fact my wife says it constantly.   My wife is upset with me almost every day because I “never do anything” and I’m sick of arguing about it. I deal with a lot of stress and have a few people I’m very responsible for at my business. That may not be physically demanding like roofing or digging trenches but it is work and I’m always working with a full time career and a small business.    I have a brother and sister that share household duties and I’m always being judged against him. She always seem to forget that both he and his wife have very demanding careers and a maid so the actual household chores they share is loading the dishwasher so the maid doesn’t have to.   I have a lot of free time that I could probably do some laundry or dishes but I just don’t want to.   1) I’m kind of lazy.  2) there are 2 teens in the house that also don’t help out. I don’t complain about that. They could pick up some slack but never get asked and definitely never yelled at and chastised for being a waste of skin like I do.   3) I’m not a messy pig, when I live by myself I am more than capable of cooking and cleaning and laundering for myself. I feel that if I seriously took on housework I would begin to resent other people and it would affect my mood and well being.   I’m not yelling at everyone for being broke and not having jobs. AITA for not wanting to be yelled at for not wanting to take on the 3rd job of Housekeeper?
e8dgqr	My twin sister and I have always naturally hovered around the same height and weight like 5 feet 6 inches and 125 pounds. We have always been very close and keep no secrets from each other. I went to study abroad in China for almost half a year. My stomach couldn’t handle the local food too well so I thought it was a good time to diet and lose a few unnecessary pounds. I send my sister photos occasionally but I guess you can’t tell weight too well in photos, especially recently when I’m skinny since I’m always covered up for the weather. I’m down to around 110 pounds right now and feel amazing, though I might need to get a boob job soon lol. Whenever my family asks if I eat well, I always say I am to not worry them.    I arrived home last Saturday and everyone commented how skinny I became. My mom said I look better but a bit too skinny now and need to add a few pounds. Subsequently, she told my sister to meet me in the middle. My sister said she felt hurt that I didn’t tell her I lost so much weight because she would have dieted too if she had known. Now she keeps saying she’s too fat. I tell her she doesn’t need to be the same weight as me and she’s not fat at all. If she’s fat, that means I was fat before too. I don’t know if I’m looking too much into it, but she’s been looking at me with some jealous eyes and is treating me less friendly than before. Not that I haven’t noticed myself, but she even said I have no boobs now and has been making other subtle digs at my body.
e8cz8q	Situation recap: A few months ago, my gf and I were involved in an argument with her sister (A) and her fiancee (Cow). Cow started the argument by complaining about me to my gf. Things escalated from there because she was defending me in a group chat that I had been conveniently left out of. When it got too much for my gf, I stepped in and messaged Cow to knock her off her high horse. In the message I told her that her piercing job was a hobby, not a job, because it didn't pay alot, she got to sit around doing nothing, and she only got paid when she pierces someone which wasn't often. She took offense to this, and started crying to my gf she was living in a hostile environment, and even went so far as to show up to my gfs work to bitch her out in person. Bear in mind, she's pregnant, so she shouldn't be getting this much stress. To stop this from escalating any further I threatened to call the cops the next time I smelled weed if A and Cow didn't leave my gf alone and kept shit going. That night, after having a screaming fit in my gfs face, with A doing nothing to stop her, they moved out. Over the course the next few weeks, they kept hounding me for money because they forfeited their security deposit and they were being petty. During the last exchange about the money, I told A that both her and Cow would have nothing to do with my child before or after it was born. I discussed this with my GF, and while she didn't 100 percent agree, she decided to back me anyway.  A and Cows response were "good, we don't care anyway".  Yesterday, I was about to to the bank to get As money, when my GF let slip that she was inviting A to the baby shower. I explained to her that I didn't want her there, as A chose to side with her fiancee over her own pregnant sister. She let the harassment of my GF go on for well over 2 weeks. I explained my thought process as 2 fold. 1st, just because they are family, doesn't mean they get to be in her life treating her like shit. And 2nd, the people you associate with are a reflection of yourself, and Cow has to be one of the shittiest people we have ever met. And again, A chose to back her over her own sister. So obviously family doesn't mean much to her. So I'm thinking of telling my GF that if A goes to the shower, I won't be going. WIBTA?
e8cv5k	So there's a lot of background and context to this that I might have to skim through, but essentially I have this friend (we'll call her Louise) who is also my housemate and course-mate at uni. I've also had significant issues with feeling unwanted and that I'm not good enough - I don't really have many friends. For the first year and a half at uni, me and Louise got on perfectly well, albeit we weren't particularly close.  Then I opened up about my mental health issues to her. This was about a year ago, and it's all been downhill since then. I've talked to her about how I feel no-one likes me or values me, she asked if this included her and I said yes, so she asked what she did to make me feel that way. So I told her: she never talks to me unless I talk to her first; she never asks whether I'm ok; never invites me out to do things with her, and tries to make excuses when I invite her; not opening up to me about herself or her feelings; and a million and one other things. (For clarity, I didn't say all of this at once, this was in a variety of conversations over the last year, and always after she asked). Despite this none of her behaviour ever changed.  She has said in the past how I make her feel like a bad friend by saying this stuff, so I stopped. She also said a month or so ago that she doesn't want to live with me again next year, because she feels she's constantly being analysed for things that show that she doesn't like me. However, it does genuinely feel to me that she doesn't care for me, and it was incredibly damaging to my mental health, making me feel alone, unwanted, unloved and worthless.  So about a week ago I said this to her, told her how she made me feel, and asked her to try to be better (I didn't word it that harshly, I can't remember my exact words). She apologised for making me feel bad, but nothing has changed. Then a few days ago I knocked on her door to ask how she felt towards me, because I just felt a tension hanging over us which I wanted to resolve. She started crying, asked if we could talk about it another time and said she felt put on the spot, so I left her alone.  The next day she apologised for crying, I said she didn't need to apologise and apologised for putting her on the spot. She then proceeded to ignore for three days, and then this morning she said she needed to take a break from me because she felt it was too much. I then said that I felt she was a toxic presence in my life and I couldn't carry on having her in my life as a result, as she was unwilling to make any changes. She's yet to reply to this. As I said, she feels that I overanalyse everything she does and says and make her feel like a bad friend, by highlighting things she sees as innocuous as being evidence she doesn't like me. For my part, I feel that she is being a bad friend, and I'm just highlighting how she's being a bad friend.  So, AITA for wanting to cut her off, and for calling her toxic, or is she right and I'm blowing things out of proportion?
e8cqsw	So I am in a drama group in uni and the most popular game is called Mafia. For those who don't know what Mafia is:  Everyone sits in a circle and closes their eyes. 'God' chooses a Mafia, a Doctor and a Sherif. At 'God' s' command, Mafia opens their eyes and chooses someone to kill, Doctor opens their eyes and chooses someone to save and the Sheriff opens their eyes and chooses someone to acuse. Then everyone opens their eyes and they discuss who they think the Mafia is and 'kill' that person. Rounds continue until the group figures out who the Mafia is or only the Mafia is left alive. There are a bunch of different varients but that's the general gist.  Anyway, on to the story. This happened yesterday.   P = Princess Hh =Hothouse cast Itw= into the woods cast  So I am part of HH and we decided to team up with ITW for a game of Mafia. Note we had never teamed up before. Right from the onset, ITW were really roudy and yelling over each other while discussing the identity of the Mafia. After a few rounds, everyone was accusing each other when someone mentioned P. Immediately, P started saying how "this always happens and everyone always gangs up on me." She then promptly leaves the game effectively 'killing herself' before we could 'kill her.' It's important to mention that her name had only just been said for the first time and by one person. Everyone else thought it was someone else.   I could not BELIEVE what had just happened. This was a GAME! The whole point is to eliminate a person each round and to try and keep yourself in as long a possible. At this point I had already been voted out the previous round and was watching in amazement. The kind of blunt person I am, I raised my hand and waited for the noise to go down a little and then spoke directly to her.  "I'm sorry, but I have only known you for five minutes and you are already just a lil bitch. Who even does that?"  The room explodes in even more noise, both of offense and agreement. Some ITW even got up to see if P was okay. The weird thing was that P wasn't actually that bothered by it. She was more upset when she thought people were going to vote her out of the game (which they weren't) than me calling her a bitch.  Now ITW cast is really annoyed at me and while HH have assured me that they agreed with me, they say I should probably say sorry just to make things easier. Haven't decided yet if I will.  Am I the asshole for calling her out on her behaviour?   Edit: A few things keep cropping up in the comments that I want to address: 1) People keep saying that I'm being sexist. I would like to clarify that I am in fact female. Don't know if this changes any viewpoints but thought it was worth mentioning. 2) The environment is one where people swear at each other a lot. It's always done in fun and I was surprised that my comment was not taken in a similar manner. 3) She wasn't actually bothered by me calling her a bitch - it was other members of ITW
e8cq50	Our university is a D2 school and allows students to try for the basketball team.  Early in the year I read our university’s pledge to diversity and noticed that it said it mandated that we have the organizations reflect the diversity in our school.  I tried for the basketball ball team in spring of freshmen year, no luck. I saw that they had no Asians on the team so i submitted a letter to the university admin after I was directed their by the coach who told me if I had a problem.    I sent it in so long ago now I got a response, which said that the code didn’t apply to athletic organizations. I shared it on twitter and it has blown up.   Everyone is pissed at me for making a mockery out of diversity. But I don’t see why it’s bad? If diversity is good for engineering why isn’t it good for basketball?
e8ckg3	So there was this co-worker I had a crush on.  His name is Jason (22m).  I am a 20 year old college student and he is a graduate student.  I was talking to one of the other workers who said he was single, I told her I really liked him and if I should go for it and she said "sure".  Well I messaged him on facebook asking if he wanted to hang out one night.  He didn't open my message for several days, and when he did he gave some bs reason saying he was really busy.  I asked him specifically what day would work and he said he wasn't sure.    At this junction I was getting frustrated, he then asked if I was asking him on a date.  I responded with "no, is it a crime to want to hang out with a friend.. geez".  He left me on read after that.  At work he refuses to talk to me anything beyond hello and goodbye.  I had enough of it and confronted him, and asked why he was being so cold and distant.  He then said he thinks it for the best if we don't talk.  That really pissed me off...  I just sent him another message on facebook looking for further explanations.  Not sure why we can't be friends.  AITA?
e8ci1t	&#x200B;  So I was eating in the kitchen and watching a series on my phone. (I'm 24) Suddenly my mother starts giving me this advice about relationships. She says, if you want to be successful in life you need to take care of relationships and always be nice to other people. To which I responded that I dont care whether Im successful or not and that Id be perfectly content with an average paying job as long as I am happy. At that point I was already pretty triggered since I thought my mother thinks that I was treating other people not nicely, or why else would she come to me and give me this advice about treating other people nicely and that this would get me far. She got upset because I have this habit to get really defensive when my parents suddenly randomly give me advice and whatnot because I think it usually implies that they think Im not doing the right thing and they think I should change?  I am 24. Im not a child anymore who needs basic advice like this. Especially when I did not ask for it. Is it wrong of me to get defensive? I talked to her afterwards and told her that I got triggered because when she gives me advice like that it usually implies that she thinks Im not doing the right thing. If she would think I treat other people nicely and care for the relationship then she would never randomly come to me and give me this advice. She said she cannot understand my view and thinks Im in the wrong. What do you guys think?  &#x200B;  EDIT: apparently people are getting more triggered about me living at home than something else. This has nothing to do with my living situation. They forced me to move out when I was 19 to learn to live on my own. 3 years after I asked whether I can move back in for a short amount of time because it is more convenient for my traveling situation. They were very happy and they have asked me before multiple times before if I want to move back in with them. I will move back out in the next few months. I have a job and I study at university.
e8ce4h	I live in a smallish town with not many entry-level opportunities for what I'm currently in school for. They all want 2-3 years' experience, minimum, and I'm not in a place to move to find better opportunities yet. I have two internships and am looking to take the next step in my career, so I'm trying to gauge how hireable I am. I've done the whole mock interview thing, but there's no real stakes to you and a classmate or bored career counselor exchanging stilted dialogue.  &#x200B;  To do this, I go to high-population cities on Indeed, Glassdoor, etc, and apply to relevant jobs in my industry with a fake resume that is similar to my real one, just with a fake name, a TextNow number, and a fake email. But if anything I can't fake comes up in the application- required reference phone numbers, even had one application request an SSN- I don't apply.  &#x200B;  So far, I've gotten numerous phone screens and interview requests. If they request an in-person interview as we're talking, I schedule a day and then cancel it the next day. If they email and request an in-person interview, I never reply. I find that it's a good exercise of my interviewing skills and gives me a bit of confidence for when I do get real interviews. I'm also a bit more brazen in the fake phone calls- I can straight up ask people "so, do you have any misgivings about my qualifications that I can address?" and that gives me insight to take to real interviews.  &#x200B;  However, I told my recruiter friend about this (irrelevant to my field) and she was furious. The thought of an applicant just window shopping, knowing they'd never go any further than a phone screen or application, that really made her angry. She said it was a waste of their time and fraudulent. At the time, I didn't care much about it and said that I've been ghosted enough times by those doing the hiring to not really care about them wasting their precious time. Now that I've calmed down, I guess I can see her point- I've done whole phone interviews, some lasting 30-45 minutes, and talked with multiple people from the same company who all think I'm really seeking a job in their area just to stroke my ego, basically.   &#x200B;  So, AITA?
e8c7om	I love my dad. Don’t get me wrong, but he’s the executor of my grandfathers will, and he will be getting a majority of the things in it. The grandchildren get £500 each and while this is a lot, this is of around £200,000 (before tax etc). My dad has a LOT of debts and if incredibly bad with money, so £200k is going to be GONE incredibly quickly. My brother is at university, and I’ll start soon. AITA for expecting my dad to want to help us pay for our futures or am I just being spoilt/entitled?
e8c3yj	Okay so for context, I am a guy and this happened a few years ago. I was telling this story at a party with a few of my college friends that told me to re-tell it at this party. When I told the story a few people thought it was disgusting that I would do something like this to people and thought I was an AH for it.  Well anyway, rewind a few years back when I'm in college there was this toxic app called Yik Yak which was kinda like twitter except it only showed "Yaks" or "Tweets" in the surrounding area. Basically think of a local version of Twitter. This app blew up on my college campus but it was just a cesspool of sexist and racist jokes with the occasional good Yak. Now littered throughout the app were guys just constantly talking about how they were horny all the time. Now so many of these guys were CONSTANTLY yakking "Hey who's DTF?" "Any girls wanna snap?" "Who want to Netflix and Chill?. So I got the bright idea to make a fake Snap Chat account and pretend to be a girl. I took some photos of a slightly provocative looking girl on some NSFW subreddit that I can't remember and would send them to these guys. I would tell them that I was down to have some sexy time with them and to meet me at parts of the campus.  After some time of them snapping back and forth and of these guys actually trying to meet up with me, I would send them a picture my butt and I would label the photo with "Gotcha!"  Naturally most of these guys were pissed because they would roll out of their dorm to meet this "girl" that they thought was going to give them some sexy times. Yet some of the guys actually took it pretty well and laughed it off.  Now back to present time after telling the story, I was essentially written off as a weirdo at the party and nobody would interact with me after that except for my friends. I personally find it hilarious, but now I'm second guessing myself. AITA?
e8bu2a	My daughter got her first period at school on Friday. I am her father, and she typically is more comfortable talking to her mother about things like this, so on Friday she calls my wife in tears since she was distressed.  My wife and I were both at work, but due to the nature of our jobs I am more at liberty to step out of the office. So my wife called me and asked me to bring my daughter some tampons. I went to a pharmacy, picked up some tampons, and drove them over to her school.   She was in class with about 40 minutes left, and I had to get back to work, so I knocked on the door and the teacher said to come in to the classroom. I am familiar with the teacher, so there was no issue. I just said I had something to drop off for my daughter, and handed her the tampons in a plastic bag. Herein lies the issue: apparently the plastic bag was somewhat see-through, and my daughter was mortified.  My daughter confronted me that night saying it was the most embarrassing thing in the world having her dad hand her tampons in the middle of class, and my wife agrees with her. I explained that I had to enter the class since I couldn't just wait outside for 40 minutes, and that I didn't realize the plastic bag was that transparent. Also, I didn't consider that it would be so embarrassing anyways, I just felt like it's a normal bodily function and nothing to be super embarrassed about (though I know young teenagers think much differently).  I apologized to my daughter for embarrassing her, but she will have none of it. She was terrified to go into school today. I understand my daughter being so upset, but even my wife seems to have zero appreciation that I took an hour out of my work day to bring tampons to my daughter - instead all I am receiving is anger and blame.   AITA?  Some Info: There is no school nurse, and no intense security (people can pretty much come and go as they please if they check in with the office first). I do not live in the USA and as far as I am aware, that's how most schools are here
e8bi7k	My artist friend asked if I could help him out during his next booth since his usually friend can’t make it this time. I thought it would be fun... I’ve been to many conventions before but I’ve never known what it’s like to work at artist alley. I agreed to help out  Fast forward to the convention and it was indeed a pretty fun experience. I pretty much helped keep track of the inventory and small tasks, also watched the table while my friend had to run of to use the bathroom or wanted to look around a few minutes. He didn’t mind if I wanted to do so as well. After artist alley was closed we went out to eat and hung around the convention til late.  Anyway the convention is over and i expected to receive my cut of the profit but he showed no sign of giving it to me. I expected atleast 10% but when I talked to him asking for the money he said he thought I was doing this as a friend to friend favor. Or atleast that’s what he asked of me. I thought I knew him better than to make someone work for free, he as an artist should know that more than anyone. I feel entitled to a cut of the profit (ideally 20% but 10% I can deal with) and he refused. He told me he’s paying for everything the gas/travel/hotel room/tickets/table/food and I got to come to the convention for free in exchange for helping out here and there. He told me if I expected payment I should’ve said something beforehand. I dont see what’s wrong with me expecting payment for the work I’ve done?? AITA for expecting a cut of the profit??
e8bi2s	He likes WW2 movies and stuff a lot. So I showed him saving private Ryan. I think he’s scarred for life now, and even at night now he has panic attacks. I still blame my wife, she brought the movie up I just showed it to him. Now everyone’s mad at me, I don’t get it. Maybe he shouldn’t ask to see it.  EDIT: He’s 6
e8bfad	I (28F) have been dating my wonderful fiance (30M) for a little over three years now. I can't imagine a better partner. He is kind, considerate, and extremely smart, and is without a doubt the person I want to spend the rest of my life with. He has struggled with social anxiety his whole life and can't work because of it, so our agreement is that I work full-time and he handles all of the household chores, like cooking and cleaning. We're planning to start a family soon, and we've agreed to have him be a stay at home dad while I continue to focus on my career. I know this may not be the most traditional arrangement, but it works for us and we're very happy with the way things are.  My parents (late 40s M and F) have been extremely unsupportive of our relationship from the beginning, and especially after we got engaged. They're nice to his face, but they can't get over the fact that he's never had a job. Whenever he's not around, they keep harassing me about making him find some sort of employment, which is obnoxious and honestly none of their business.  A few days ago, my mom freaked out when I said we were planning to have children within the next two years and said some really awful things, including that I'm throwing away my future and that this would be a "terrible environment" to raise kids in. I snapped and said they were being incredibly rude and that we would no longer by visiting them for Christmas this year, or for the foreseeable future, until they apologize and treat us with more respect.  I've been getting calls and texts from other family members who keep telling me to make nice, and I'm tempted to just cut all of them off at this point, honestly. AITA?
e8b866	Throwaway since my roommate Reddit’s and looks at this sub.  My roommate has a new girlfriend. They’ve been dating for about 3 months but she never came over before now because we had a small roach problem and she’s apparently terrified of roaches.  She spurred my roommate to reach out to our complex to get it taken care of. He’s been regularly cleaning and reapplying traps and poison to take care of the few remaining ones for the last month and a half so that she would feel safe to visit.  Well she’s started to come over. She comes over on Saturday night after she gets off work, showers, they do stuff on Sunday either just hang in his room or go out, and then she showers again and stays over Sunday night and leaves when he leaves for work on Monday. They don’t see either other during the week since she lives about 45 minutes away. She’s never here when he isn’t and seems nice enough.  What I’m worried about is her showering. If this becomes a regular thing then I can foresee a substantial increase in our utility bill. Neither me or my roommate are hurting for money and are fairly comfortable in our situation. But WIBTA if I asked his girlfriend to chip in for our utilities If she continues to stay here?
e8b751	My cousin and his wife split around 2.5/3 years ago, he cheated on her which is absolutely disgusting I know. It’s an awful thing to do but he’s admitted he doesn’t want her back and he won’t ever take her back.   I was close to him but not really close to the point we knew each other’s daily lives we’d catch up every 3/4 months and have a good laugh it’s a shame he changed but there’s nothing that can be done he’s moved on and we’ll if he’s made up his mind there’s nothing Anyone can do unfortunately everyone tried but he didn’t listen   So for a very VERY long time she’s posted WhatsApp stories or snapchat stories of quotes like be a strong woman when the world holds you down or today she put a quote about cheating saying something along the lines of you’re a cheat and of course you’ll keep cheating etc etc and I love and respect myself.   I get that I sound rude but we’ve tried to support and listen to her yet she keeps posting attention seeking quotes always about knowing self worth. But today I kinda got bored of it so I felt like putting a quote up that says “avoid posting your problems on social media your personal problems require personal attention not social attention” or “not every part of your private life needs to be public”   I just think, she’s got 2 kids they don’t need to grow up in that atmosphere and she should grow up so I thought maybe an indirect may make her think considering she loves her quotes. As I’m not close enough to her to outright say it anymore   Wibta for this
e8aemg	Alright, so heres the thing. My art teacher apparently does not understand the concept of washing his fucking hands. He just never does it. He has an in classroom bathroom, and like 2 seconds after the toilet flushes he is right back in his desk. Its disgusting, and everybody notices. He probably get piss on his hand and some more shit. The worst part? Whenever he has to show us how to do a certain art technique or something, he always has to use OUR pencils. I personally throw those pencils away, or if they are mechanical, desensitize them before using again. And he always expects you to shake his hand. So I was thinking of using his blue tooth speaker to put on a song about hand washing, and hoping he gets the memo. If you dont suggest that, then what do you suggest? Me and many others have reported it to the staff, but nothing has been done.
e8aamz	Hey Reddit,  Sometime ago I had a date with a good friend of mine. We were going to have lunch together next week on Saturday. She is depressed but it's getting better because I visit her every Saturday.   Then I got the idea to bring the money I had saved for a gift for my brother to the animal shelter and there I met an old lady who told me about lonely elderly in care homes. She asked if I wanted to volunteer on Saturday because they have no one that cares for them during Christmas.  So I called my friend and asked her if she wanted to volunteer with me. My friend got really angry and said I was being very selfish by choosing others over her, while she was depressed.  My question is Reddit: am I the asshole for, oh by the way I adopted a stray puppy that was attacked by ferrets, volunteering for lonely elderly instead of my depressed friend?
e8a838	So I(22m) work as a beer vendor for Anheuser Busch. As a merchandiser, I'm pretty low on the totem pole. For the past year I have came into work on time or early and have done the best job I can possibly do. I have made a good reputation for myself with all my coworkers, salesmen, drivers, and supervisors as one of the best merchandiser that they have. I've had multiple stores call in on me to tell my boss that I did a great job.  I believe that I deserve a promotion up to junior sales. The problem is that in our area, there is only 2 junior sales spots. My buddy got promoted to one of them after 3 months of working for AB. I dont want his spot, but I want the other position since its similar to my merchandising route already. To make this easier I'll call my coworker Joe.  So the salesman and the salesman supervisor are always complaining about Joe. They always say he is lazy and has been late a lot recently. The supervisor even jokes about firing him all the time. They both have expressed how much they like me and my salesman told me to ask our supervisor to get Joe's spot. Which I believe I deserve and would do a better job.   The problem is, I have Joe as a friend on Facebook. I constantly see his memes and they are always dark. They always say or hint at suicided or being extremely depressed. I feel for him because I was in a dark place like that at one point as well. I dont want to take his spot and make it worse for him, but I also dont want to hold myself back for others like I typically do.  So reddit, WIBTA if I went to the supervisor and asked to get his position?
e89tfw	I have a baby brother (turning 3 soon) that I completely adore and have unparalleled love for. However something recently reminded me of this past incident around 2 years ago and now I want to see whether I was wrong or not.  Before my cousin stayed with us for the weekend, every weekend I'd be the one to change his nappy, watch children shows with him on my lap and feed him (even though I have two older siblings and I was 14) whenever my parents were not at home. In their absence, I subconsciously see him as a son rather than a brother of mine.  One day, my parents had to go somewhere and our cousin (23F) was staying at our house at that time. My parents said she's the one in charge of our baby brother (9 months at the time) here and made sure that everyone knew this.  When they left, my cousin said that she'd be keeping the baby in her room so that he doesn't crawl off and he'd be in one place and no-one will have to worry. I was fine with that, although I'd occasionally (once every 30 minutes) knock and peek in to see if if he was doing fine once in a while, then I'd leave and continue playing video games or doing whatever I was doing. Eventually, he got hungry and my cousin asked if I can make his milk which I did. I gave it to her and left.   I walked past the room again and saw that she gave the bottle to my brother for him to drink and had her back turned away, deeply engrossed in her phone activities without even looking up once. My baby brother couldn't hold it properly and milk started to seep up to his little nostrils. I panicked and went straight up to him and picked him up so I could feed him myself. I told her that my mum ALWAYS feeds him with her holding the bottle and she wasn't supposed to leave him like that. She claimed that she knew what she was doing and that I should just go and mind my own business.  Note that she doesn't have a child of her own and this is her first time babysitting. I got mad, called her irresponsible and "useless at babysitting" and walked out with my baby brother. My oldest brother (19 at the time) heard and says that I'm "just a kid that helicopters the baby" and she's the one in charge. I got mad and said to him nearly verbatim "I can take care of my brother much better than this woman can, and I've proven so EVERYTIME our parents leave for these past couple of months. Does that make me still a kid?" This broke out in a huge argument that lasted for about 15 minutes before I just went to the living room and decided to watch a football match to pass the time.  My parents got home and was informed, from both sides, of what happened. They never said anything and just shrugged it off, mainly because they were tired after being out for about 7 hours. I don't know what happened next but since then, my cousin didn't visit us at all after that.  I only did what suited my instincts. Was I the asshole?
e89nna	I moved in with a friend about four months ago. Things had been going pretty well with the exception of her making a chore chart for us without even consulting me.   I have a boyfriend of about a year and a half. He comes over/sleeps over about three days a week. He’s a shift worker so he gets off around 2 pm and sometimes I am not home at that time. So occasionally I’ll give him my key the day before. One of these days my roommate was home and was alarmed he had a key. I explained the situation to her and she said that if he was going to stay over a lot, she was uncomfortable and that he would need to pitch in for rent.   I felt like both of these requests were slightly ridiculous. When we moved in together, I told her my boyfriend comes over often (although she claims I said two days a week). Additionally, he’s in my room 99% of the time. It’s not like he’s hanging out in the living room or taking her food or anything crazy. However, I am not a confrontational person and, in the moment, I agreed he would only come over two days a week.   I want to value her being comfortable and maintain that relationship. That being said, I pay just as much rent as she does and do just as much upkeep around the apartment as she does. After sleeping on it, I’m not sure just going along with what she says is appropriate.
e89eqw	For backstory, yesterday was my nephew's birthday. I absolutely adore this kid as I was one of the family who took care of him when he was just a newborn so he knows I love him a lot and he loves me back a lot even though his mother hates our side of the family.   Last week my mother told me that his birthday was going to be on Sunday and that there is going to be a party for him. I was surprised as I didn't hear anything about a party up till that day. I told my mother that it appears that I am not invited to his birthday as I didn't hear anything until now. At that moment, she told me that she was the invitation and that I should go to the party.   I looked at her funny and told her that invitations do not work this way and if they want me to come to the birthday party they can invite me themselves as to not appear uninvited due to misunderstandings (The kid's mother hate us, remember?)  Well, yesterday was the party and my mother sent me a text asking me at 8:30 pm to call the kid and Unfortunately I missed the text and i didn't call the kid.   Today my mother called me and asked why I didn't do the call and proceeded to tell me that my brother was angry that I didn't come nor I called. I told her that since I wasn't invited I did not want to interrupt the party.    So AITA?  Edit: So it appears that IATA here. I will make amends with the kid and make it up to him.  Thank you Reddit.
e89dfd	    Throwaway for obvious reasons.  &#x200B;  I work in an accounting firm. I wrote the usual email for this time of year asking my clients to send in their information. As is typical, it was the same email to everyone just with different names. My manager said it was fine to send (though he didn't really read through it line-by-line as it was generic). It is pretty obvious (in my opinion) to anyone reading it that the email is generic.   &#x200B;  It was sent to exactly 39 clients, all of which I have known for at least one year (most much longer), spoken to many times but always professionally. The email finished with:         "Merry Christmas/happy holidays (whichever applies!)  Best wishes,  OP"         3 of those clients have made negative comments in their replies (and I only sent the email on Friday):  1) "I am very surprised you mention Christmas as I am Jewish. I think you could have figured that out very easily from my name." (it wasn't obvious to me at all, though maybe I am just ignorant)  2) "Very unprofessional to mention religious holidays"  3) "I do not celebrate Christmas"  &#x200B;  If it matters at all, comment #2 was from a Christian, comment #3 from a Muslim (which I know from previous conversations).  In hindsight I should have just not mentioned Christmas at all, but I didn't think much of it as I am from a moderately-religious Sikh family that has always celebrated Christmas. I didn't anticipate anyone getting touchy about it, though again maybe I am just being ignorant.  AITA?
e89178	My mum,s sister, husband and kids don't live too far away and growing up we used to see each other every Christmas/Boxing Day.   Sadly as my mum and aunt have gotten older they have grown further apart and no longer even like each other. A few years ago family meals out or get togethers with them resulted in some really awkward clashes of opinions. It doesn't help that there's a bit of a wealth gap between our families as well. They are well off as my uncle was an accountant and was the only provider whereas both my parents work in public sector and we sometimes struggle with money.  The last Christmas they all got together was a few years ago whilst I was away travelling Spain with my boyfriend. Apparently there was a nasty argument that came about after they discussed their opinions on the homeless. Where my aunt lives has a huge problem with rising levels of people on the street. My mum is very sympathetic of their situations whilst her sister isn't and is rather ill informed and doesn't understand they they can't get a job...  I wasn't there for the fall out but I heard my mum say something very hurtful in response to my aunt about how their dad (he's long dead) would not be proud of her and then as a result they all left and haven't seen each other since.   Last Christmas I ended up going for a pub brunch in my home town with them all on my own so I could catch up with them. (They invited me and my brother and not my parents as they're well aware my mum dislikes her sister). My brother didn't come along as he was constantly too busy with work and my parents weren't invited. My boyfriend was invited but he was away with work. We had a nice brunch and it was nice to see them and we didn't have any arguments. Meanwhile my mum was very upset that I met them. I had agreed to meet them without telling her these plans till the last minute, not to be mean but because I didn't want to upset her.  Now Christmas is coming again my uncle mentioned if my brother, myself and our partners wanted to meet up. I was happy with this but my brother was uncomfortable and told my mum. My mum has flipped out at me but this time she's upset cos she wasn't invited (I should repeat that she heavily dislikes her sister and they never really get on in person anymore) I feel like I'm dammed if I do and dammed if I don't....  I get the feeling she wants me to take her side and not see my aunt as she tried suggesting that just myself, my brother and our cousin's meet up, without my aunt of uncle....so...AITA for not agreeing with my mum and standing by her?
e89100	I've been dating my boyfriend for about 3 months. He's a wonderful guy whose loving and caring. I'm starting off by saying that I've fallen madly in love with him and there are no issues between us as a couple.  However.. he has a 9 year old son with another woman who he's been with for 13 years but eventually she cheated on him and left about 8 months ago. His son is a really great child and we've connected a little over the course of these months, but his mother is making our lives miserable.  My boyfriend told me that the relationship that they had was dead years before they broke up, but stayed because of their son. They own a house together which he still lives in. She lives at the business she owns.  Her official adress isn't at that house anymore yet she still has a key from the front door and walks in whenever she needs something from the house. Some of her stuff is still at the house and my boyfriend told her multiple times to come and get her stuff yet she procrastinates everything. She refuses to give back the key.  I don't live at my boyfriend's place but I do stay over sometimes and it has happened that she just walks in without a warning to drop off some clothes for his son. I didn't know how to act or what to say but it scared the living shit out of me because once it was 11 p.m. It's like there were no boundries set when they broke up and now that I'm in my boyfriend's live he's trying to set those boundries but she refuses to accept them.   She still owes him a lot of money for the car she took from him as for phone bills yet doesn't pay him. She does whatever she wants when she wants it.  My bf tells me he's trying to keep the peace for his son's sake, which I totally understand, but this is getting out of hand. They each have their son for a week, but she acts difficult when she needs to watch her son for a few extra days because my bf is in the army and away sometimes. I feel I have no place to feel comfortable in my relationship because "she's always around in a way". I understand that she'll always be the mother of his son, which I accepted fully. I just feel that I have to fight for my place as his new girlfriend. I'm always scared she might walk in or manipulate the situation to please herself eventually blaming everything on me.  I've talked to my boyfriend about this multiple times. We had some minor arguments about this. He says he understands and will try to change the situation but I have nightmares because of this. I have fears that I might get dumped for her or that we don't have a future together. I don't feel safe in my own relationship with the man I'm so in love with. I was wondering IATA for nagging my boyfriend about changing things with his ex or should I keep my distance?
e8900j	Okay, so im still sophmore (10) year of hs, shes junior (11) year. We got together around late/mid January of this year. We had a small break, it had lasted about 2 weeks, but we fixed our issue and got back together. Then fast forward to about last month, i find out she had been cheating on me for like 3 months. With someone she had known purely online, but for roughly 3 years. Im not upset over it or anything, but i know she hasnt told her mother why, and i feel like she deserves to know. I dont want her doing this to anyone else because nobody deserves this, and i think her mother would be able to prevent it from happeneing again. So, reddit, WIBTA if i told my ex's mother why we split?  Edit: thanks for the input everyone. I guess I really needed a different point of view than my own.
e88bok	I'm not really a social person, and I like to stay organized. So I created a social hierarchy to find out who I want to consider a priority for me.  My family, lifelong friends, and possible SO are at the top. Close friends come second. Friends come third. Co workers fourth then strangers last.  I talked about this system to a few of my close friends, mostly as a joke, and they say that this isn't good as I can come off as snobbish and ungrateful for the people I know.
e886ss	Long time reader, first time poster.   To set the scene: a group of us have had lunch together almost every day for almost 5 years.   We are late 20s and work for a large firm.   One of my friends - let’s call her S - is VERY picky with her food and refuses to eat common things which can be incredibly annoying for the rest of us.  She will make changes to almost every meal she orders or, if the place isn’t able to change the ingredients and they’re minor, she’ll just pick around the stuff she doesn’t like or leave it to the side of her plate.   One of our favourite places does a particular meal that she loves, but it has small chunks of zucchini - problem for S as she hates it.  She would order the meal every day if she could and always leaves this huge pile of zucchini left over.   I really don’t like when people waste food and it just so happens that I really love zucchini.  S knows this well.    The other day, S was sitting opposite me on a small table with about 3 other of our friends.  A good few minutes after our group completely finishing our meals and sitting back to chat, I used my fork to take some zucchini from the pile she’d left.    S went absolutely crazy out of nowhere.  Like screaming and yelling.  It got very awkward for everyone and even thought I tried to diffuse the situation with jokes, she continued yelling.    When I calmly pointed out that it’s just a pile of leftovers she hates and always throws away (like I said, almost every day for years), she angrily said ‘it’s my food, I paid for it and if I want to throw it away, it’s my choice’ and that ‘how dare you take anything from my plate that I bought without you asking first.   I kind of get where she’s coming from, but I’m just taken aback by how she could willingly throw food away when a good friend is happy to have it, particularly with all the food wastage going on around the world.  I also think it’s very selfish of her to be so possessive of food she openly says she hates and has left for a number of minutes with the intention of discarding anyway.  Also, keep in mind we are otherwise good friends and don’t do pleasantries.   So over to you, Reddit - AITA here?   EDIT: I didn’t ask at the time because she and the others in our group were mid-conversation and I didn’t want to break that up
e87sms	AITA if I (21M) try to stop my girlfriend (21F) from chatting a classmate (23+, male) because I feel like this guy has hidden intentions on my girl? They were chatting every night for a whole month now. They talk about things like school and stuff. But sometimes the guy flirts jokingly to my girl which iritates me.   I tried talking with my girlfriend but she always brushes me off with the "I-told-you-we-are-just-friends look". The guy also dont want to talk to me, saying that there is nothing to talk about.   I dont know if it is just me overthinking things.
e87oqb	My friend (micheal) has never been great with females. He has been on very few dates his entire life and zero girlfriends. Earlier this year, my group of friends found out that he’s talking to this girl (Jane) from across the state.   Naturally, we all start to research her on social media and try to see whats up. Well, Michael isn’t exactly the best looking guy, not ugly, but probably below average. However, this girl is a 10. Way out of his league. We can only find one social media account for her (which I think is strange for a 19 year old girl this pretty) but I don’t think much of it. Time goes by and we ask if he’s gonna go meet this girl. He dodges the question and comes up with an excuse. More time passes and we keep asking about Jane, and still no meetup. I started to ask more questions. Well, come to find out, Michael has not called, FaceTimed, snap chatted, or met with this girl that he is supposedly head over heels for. He hasn’t ever heard her voice. Of course, the first thing I think is catfish. So I revisit her instagram and decide to do a little digging. None of her posts have friends in them, she is not tagged in any posts, and almost no comments but consistently 900+ likes on every photo. I ask Michael where Jane said she graduated high school and she names a tiny school in the east end of the state. Just so happens I know a guy that graduated from this school and hit him up to see if he knows anyone that has ever heard of this Jane girl. Guess what. Nothing. Nobody knows this girl. In a town as small as this one, someone should know a girl this pretty. I even contacted every mutual follower on Instagram and asked if they knew her in real life and they all said no. At this point, I’m concerned for my friend Michael. I don’t want him to get taken advantage of by some dude in a basement. Especially since this is his first “serious” relationship. They have been texting for 9 months and claim they love each other.   So one night I convince Michael to confront Jane and just ask her straight up if she’s a catfish. She gets super defensive and within minutes blocks all contact with Michael. He pleads with her to just explain the whole situation but she refuses. At the same time, one of my friends who is more well versed in finding people via the Internet finds a picture from her middle school of her 8th grade year. The first real proof we have of this girl. So we search up some names of the people that were in the picture with her and reach out to them to see if this girl is real. Sure enough, one of the guys references her phone number and turns out she is real.   Now she won’t talk to my friend who she claimed loved, and Michael removed himself completely from my friend group.
e87ng6	In the past I (20M) was an occasional weed smoker, then became an absolute stoner when I was dealing with a lot of hard things in my life. My parents made me go to rehab because my life was not up to par with their expectations but I felt that weed wasn’t the problem, my mental health was. Anyway I am no longer depressed at all and when I got home I hit up my friends because I missed them and weed dearly and we smoked a couple blunts. Parents found out and were obviously livid. For the record I would never smoke on our property or in our cars or anything and would be as discreet as possible. Anyway, they want to pay for my expenses for the next month or two then cut me off completely (they have kicked me out many times before for smoking weed but we would make up within 24 hrs every time). My two brothers smoke all the time but my parents have no idea and see them as fucking perfect children. I would never want to throw anyone under the bus but I just feel that it’s unfair I’m being treated like this just for smoking weed while my brothers do whatever they want with no backlash. WIBTA if I enlightened my parents on the situation to possibly save my own ass?  Edit: Gold?? Word. Thanks homie.
e87j1h	I recently found out my gf had a separate instagram account called “BigDickorGTFO”. I know this seems really petty of me to get upset about but it’s frustrating. It just seems kind of slutty. We’ve been dating for 5 months now. It probably seems like a joke username and supposed to be humor but to a bunch of seriously horny guys it could seem like an invitation. Maybe I’m just insecure, or maybe when you’re dating someone all advertisements should be turned off, wyt?
e875j4	Alright this one is going to need some explaining:  So, my father’s cooking might just be the worst cooking in the history of the human race. You might think that I’m exaggerating, that perhaps he might slightly burn the biscuits at dinner or over season the fish. I would consider it a blessing if that’s all he did. My father makes food that should not be made for human consumption. Imagine the dinner scraps and leftovers that farmers would mix up and throw out to their pigs. One time he took left over kung pow chicken, mixed it with frozen flounder he found in the freezer, clam chowder, literally fries from five guys, turkey lunch meat, and half of a damn lemon for some reason. All of his ‘meals’ are like this. Now, me and my father have had many arguments about his cooking and how abhorrent it is, but the reason why I never saw it as too big of a deal (other then the fact that it stunk up the house) is because he only cooks for himself. Fine, whatever. You want to eat that garbage it’s your life man.  The other day he had a friend come over to watch football. I woke up and came downstairs to him cooking one of his meals. His friend hadn’t come over yet and we started talking. Eventually he brought it up that he intended to serve that to his friend. I couldn’t believe that, that my father would serve a guest in our house something so terrible... perhaps he would feel obligated to eat it, or he would feel as though he was insulting my father by not eating it. Imagine walking into a friends house and him serving you literal slop on a plate. Regardless, I told him: “are you kidding me? Absolutely not, you can’t serve that to someone” and he said he was going to anyway. He wasn’t going to be talked down, So, took the food he was making and threw it in the garbage... I had to make sure he wasn’t going to serve that to someone. We fought afterwards and he essentially threw me out of the house. I feel bad now for doing it, but I felt like I had to. AITA for what I did? Should I have just done nothing?  EDIT: kinda had a feeling I was the asshole here, I just wanted to confirm it. You guys are right, it wasn’t my place to do this and I’m a dick for doing so. It’s his food, his house, his friend. I should’ve just told him my opinion and let it be. I’m going to go apologize to my dad now, thanks for the feedback.
e86mx9	So, I have a close friend who asked for my Google account password the other day to test something on the Play Store to which I gave her out of full trust that she wouldn't invade my privacy. Fast forward 2 weeks, she opened Google and wanted to search for something and Google, as you all know, shows the previous searches once you start typing. She saw them and instead of closing my account as if nothing happened she went through them as well as started sending me screenshots of things I searched for. One of which was a Reddit post about "how to make a friend fall in love with you" I was reading and looking for wholesome stories but she insisted that I was searching to make her fall in love with me. I expressed my frustration and how she has invaded my privacy and I was wrong for giving her the password to which she replied that IT WAS MY FAULT. She also said that I wouldn't be mad if she had never found about the Reddit post (somehow the Reddit post became the center of attention not invading my privacy). She never said anything since then or even apologized and I never talked to her although we talk everyday. Am I the Asshole?  &#x200B;  UPDATE: Ended things with this friend... thanks everyone for your advice and i hope the next period being somehow lonely won't be that hard
e86heo	My friend 'L' and I are invited to an Indian wedding coming up next year (Summer 2020) for a mutual friend. L is mixed (white and hispanic) and I am Indian. I met our mutual friend through her and this friend has implied that we're both invited to the wedding.  During a recent get-together, our mutual friend passingly said that I should take L to get traditional garments (sari) for his wedding. I told him that I don't really like seeing anyone who isn't of Indian ancestry in our traditional clothing, and he sounded indifferent. L spoke up and felt that she is "honorary Indian," since she has a few Indian friends.  During British rule, my educated grandfather couldn't get a government job in India because he wouldn't wear western clothing and traditional wear has always felt like it is much more than "just clothes" to me. I was picked on as a child for wearing traditional clothing and seeing ANYONE of another ethnicity wearing it has always rubbed me the wrong way. I don't want to compromise my values for a friend and let her think that I'm okay with her wearing a sari when I'm not okay with anyone of non-brown background wearing it. In my eyes, she would be wearing it as a "costume" for a few hours, but I can't take off my brown skin or the history that went into being able to wear it.  WIBTA for telling her that I won't go sari-shopping with her, nor do I approve of her wearing my traditional clothing, even if it is for someone else's event?  EDIT: Also, 1) WIBTA for feeling offended if she does it anyway? 2) Is this cultural appropriation?
e86faz	My 20 year old daughter arrived home after a day of work just after 6. She cooks her own meals because she eats a vegan diet and we (her parents/my husband and I) do not. She usually reheats a dinner/cooks alongside me in the kitchen to make her own meal which works well.   She commented once about how hungry she was and looking forward to dinner and at about 7 we sat down. She was having a bean and vegetable soup she’d made a few days before and portioned out into servings and toast and we were having a different meal. After we finished, I jokingly lifted up her empty bowl and said “Well YOU must have been hungry, didn’t leave a thing!” And she looked at me a little annoyed and said well I worked all day and it was just a single bowl of soup and toast. I said yes but you ate alllll of it. She just said she doesn’t comment on how much we eat and it made her feel awkward because she didn’t really know how to respond. She then asked me if I would’ve said that to her father or brother had they eaten the amount she’d just eaten. I honestly said no but that’s because they probably would’ve eaten even a bit more being grown men.   AITA here? I think she’s being sensitive for no reason.
e867fw	So here's the situation. My wife has been a full time mom, in addition to working from home for years. We have three children, aged 14, 11 and 8. A couple of months ago, she began a new 9-5 job as things have been tight financially, and I stressed that it would be important for her to contribute more financially. I travel a lot for my job, so I am gone probably 85% of the time, leaving her to handle everything at home on her own. Before beginning this job, she had been working hard at going to the gym every day, trying to get back into shape. I personally go to the gym almost every day as well, and have for years.   Because she leaves the house by 7:45 in the morning to drop the younger kids off at school, then works all day, getting home at 6pm, the only time she has to go to the gym is at 5:30 in the morning. Evenings aren't possible as she needs to care for the kids, and prepare their lunches, feed them dinner, etc. She's also quite tired so there isn't really energy to go then. So she's been going before work for the most part. She started out going almost every day, but now she's been missing quite a few days. Today, after coming back into town after being gone for work, I noticed her BCAAs still in the fridge, and I questioned whether she had forgotten them. She told me that she hadn't been to the gym in a few days, and that's why they were still there. So I told her that maybe we needed to chancel her membership if she wasn't going to go anymore. She got very upset and told me that she's doing her best, but she's exhausted, and that she will work out as much as she can. I just don't see the point of paying for a membership if she's not going to use it. AITA?  Edit: I want to add that the reason I have this job is because we moved back to her hometown after 12 years of living in the town I’m from. It was only meant to be temporary( 1-2 years), but it was 12. She never got used to it and was very unhappy, missing her family and wanting more opportunities for the kids. So I agreed to move back to make her happy. She knew this would be the job when we moved(with me away a lot).
e85sdt	Hello, first time posting here. Title sounds harsh, but I'll explain.  I am graduating University soon. It's a huge deal because I originally never thought I'd go to school post-high school, and I'm the first in my family to do so. I'm really excited, but I'm having a family issue...  My BIL just started dating this girl, whom I've never met (mostly because my husband and I live in a different state). He just asked the other day if we would have an extra graduation ticket so she can join, and my husband and I were fine with it going to her. I get 8 tickets total, and I had one to spare.  WELL, today, he starts asking about things he and his gf wanna do in town for the, *literally*, two days they're here. I'm upset, because this is supposed to be time for family, celebrating my husband and I (cuz he supported my academic journey) and he wants to go hit the town with his gf I've never met. Additionally, he tends to be coddled by my in-laws, so idk if they will be considerate of my feelings for the sake of trying to keep him pleased to avoid conflict.  WIBTA if I told him to not bother coming to my graduation so I can give the extra tickets to friends whose families need them?  Edit: I appreciate the input. Obviously I need to chill TF out.
e85n05	So I'm 12 so expect this to have grammar mistakes  so I like to play yu gi oh and trade cards this kid plays and not to brag but I beat him a lot like for the past two months we have been playing yu gi oh on school days  and he won 1 time so we trade and I'm not liking any of the cards he has  then he says "I will trade dark magician for summoned skull: I see his black magician is nasty it as some orange stain so I say no and state my reason>  and he says "you don't want to trade anything your just a jerk"( he did say some other stuff I won't mention  now kids are saying I'm being rude at school and the principal got involved I might give an update on the principal situation AITA  Edit the principal didn't know what yu gi oh is she was kinda lost during the whole thing but she did say I don't have to trade I was happy  Until she banned yu gi oh the next day at school me and my other friends are still gonna play still
e85jb7	I'm a young recent-ish college grad. Just got laid off from my 1st long term job after school and am on the job hunt again. I've got a pretty unique name, such that only one other person also shares the name (first and last) on social media sites.    I discovered some potentially unsavory content on the other person's public page (associated with our name) but no location or anything to actually tell a potential employer who doesn't know what I look like that it wasn't me who posted.   I created a new account to reach out to them with, which could seem fishy with a "new account, no followers" type deal. I reached out and let them know my situation, asked to please add a location or something so that employers won't confuse him for me.    When I post things employers could maybe frown upon, I at least keep my actual name out of it.   AITA?
e85hgu	I [29M] starting dating someone long distance 5 months ago. Our relationship has flourished and we’ve managed to see each other every few weeks despite living on different continents. This is my first serious relationship, but he had been a LTR for about 2 years (long distance as well) and they broke up a year before we met. Understandably, I was always somewhat jealous of the ex, especially given how public their relationship was. I was uncomfortable that there were so many pictures of them on Facebook with mushy captions or kissing.   For logistical reasons, we haven’t been able to travel to see each other for 2.5 months and were excited to get back together. However, in one of our conversations I told him that these public photos of him showing his love for someone (who he had already dumped) was very off putting and if we were going to move forward - I think he should remove as many as he could. Innocuous things like group dinners, birthday parties etc didn’t bother me and could stay. I told him to use his judgment and he definitely did, agreeing that there was no need for them anymore.  I don’t want to minimize the good memories he had with his ex, or pretend they didn’t happen. However, I’ve seen some more intimate pictures of them on his phone and it makes me a little uncomfortable knowing the memory lives on in that way. WIBTA for asking him to go through and delete them? Maybe to just archive them someplace off his phone so they’re not as accessible?
e85fxq	Hey there,  My friend recently created a group chat for LGBT women and nonbinary people. Maybe a week or two ago about 15 of us were added. We got to know each other and gradually started posting about our mental health and personal shit.  I’m questioning my gender atm. I’m not sure exactly what’s up, but “she/them” are my pronouns. I consider that quite a vulnerable piece of information. All our nicknames have our pronouns on.  Earlier today someone who has a close mutual friend with me gets added to the chat. I message my friend and ask her to check before adding people to the chat. She says she will but it wasn’t obvious how I felt and it was on me that I didn’t ask for someone not to be added. I feel like it’s obvious that when people reveal personal shit you are sensitive with that info and check before telling/adding people. There’s a back and forth. She says I made assumptions about what the group chat would be and it wasn’t obvious I’d have an issue with people being added and seeing my pronouns. I feel a bit gaslighted, and like If you add someone to a gc or give them the capacity to find out personal information about someone you should always get the other person’s consent first, rather than just assume it.  What are you thoughts?  EDIT: my understanding is that it’s a personal chat as well as an LGBT chat. There are official channels at my uni for LGBT people to meet. This isn’t one of them. It’s not completely clear what it is, but I’ve invited them all round my house for a gathering before and we’re planning to meet regularly for lunch etc - we’re basically treating it like a friendship group is my understanding of it.
e85c3y	Occasionally, my friend and I will make each other “Memory boxes” that are little gift boxes with stuff the other person would want. We set up a day to give each other the boxes, and it’s pretty fun. I normally get a few notes, and some art and craft supplies, while she gets a bunch of notes, along with other stuff she’s currently liking.   We decided on Monday to make them and give them to each other next Monday, so we had a full week to do it. I got mine done on Friday, partly because of hw and partly because of procrastination. Anyway, I tell her I finish making mine, and she tells me she finished with mine. We do this to make sure we can actually give each other our boxes on the same day.  I add a few details around the outside because why not. Overall, I probably spent about 5 hours working on it, aside from other random details. We didn’t have enough time to swap at lunch, so we decided to open it at home. So I get home, excited to open it, and inside there’s, like, a few random compliments written on random pieces of obviously ripped paper, 2 rushed drawings, and some random other things thrown in.   Now, I know it sounds kinda bad, but I was really upset, because it was obviously rushed, and she obviously didn’t care, and so far I hadn’t done anything  bad, but she called me, and when she asked what was wrong, I kinda overdid it. I think I was a bit too mean for telling her that it was obvious she didn’t care. I wasn’t yelling, but it was obvious I was angry, and I think she was a upset after. AITA?
e85b7p	Backstory: P and I used to date for more than 7 years. During our 4th year together, I got into a nasty car accident while on a vacation with a friend. I broke my two legs but my friend did not survive. I had to be hospitalized for a few months and went to see a psychiatrist due to emotional trauma. At that time I had only graduated from university and was working various jobs while P already had a steady income from her work at a hotel. I was born in a foster house so I had no family to ask help from. P had to sell her car to help me pay for my medical treatments etc. Not to mention using her personal saving. I told her that I promised to pay her back one day and she dismissed me saying, and I quote “Don’t be an idiot! Just get your ass well and go home soon.”  Fast forward to a few years later, P and I broke up. At the time, I already had a steady job and our financial condition was good. 2 years ago, I got married to my then girlfriend. Now I have a very good position at the company I work at and you can say we are living a very comfortable life. P and I only occasionally interact but still remain good friends. My wife knows about P and doesn’t really like the idea of us still keeping in touch with each other. But I convinced her that P and I are only good friends now. Nothing more.  Now my wife is really terrible at managing money and is what you call an ‘impulse buyer’. We have fought many times because of this. No matter how many times I have told her to spend money carefully, she never seems to listen that I had no choice but to start a secret saving for us just in case if somebody gets sick or other similar scenarios.  Last week, from a mutual friend, I heard that P has recently filed for bankruptcy. So I rang her up and asked why she had never called, to which she said I don’t owe her anything. I told her of course I do, she saved my life. We met up to talk about her situation and she told me she was moving back in with her mother downtown and maybe she would start a small restaurant there. I told her I have some money (from my secret saving) that she can use for the restaurant. She refused my offer at first, of course. But  I insisted.  Back home, I told my wife about this and she started throwing a big tantrum over two things. Me saving money and hiding it from her. And me wanting to help an ex-girlfriend. I explained the situations to her but she refused to listen, reasoning that I had never asked P to sell her car or spend her savings on me. It was purely her own decision so I don’t owe her anything. I insisted that I am returning P the favour for saving my life back then. Wife wouldn’t listen and started accusing me of still having feelings for my ex, which I strongly denied and is irrelevant to my true intention. So I said “I am sorry you’re feeling this way but like it or not I am going to help her now. She saved my ass! And I will never forget it.” and then left. AITA?
e858at	My cousin is diagnosed with bipolar disorder. He has had multiple psychiatric hospital stays. He was adopted but apparently his bio parents suffered from addiction and mental health issues. Because of this, he has told me multiple times he doesn’t want kids because 1. He doesn’t think he’ll be a good father because of his mental health and 2. He doesn’t want to pass his mental health issues to another generation. He told me this as recently as like last year.   In the last few years he’s been doing a lot better. He’s taking prescribed medications, does monthly counselling sessions, exercises everyday, eats super healthy and has a set routine that he follows that works really well for him. He has a good stable job that he enjoys and within the past 18 months he has met and fallen in love with this great girl. Everyone in the family loves her. They are getting married in February. I thought they were going a little fast but he seems happy.  He recently told me how he and his fiancée are really excited to be parents and they want to start trying for kids as soon as possible. I was a little shocked. I asked him if he was sure and he said “yeah.” I reminded him of what he said in the past and he said that he’s changed his mind and that was before he met his fiancée. So I asked him if he thought he had the mental health to be the best father possible and if he’s really thought about the chance of his kid also having mental health issues. I told him to make sure he wasn’t being pressured or just so crazy in love he wasn’t thinking straight. He got angry with me and said just because he’s bipolar doesn’t mean he shouldn’t have kids and that I was being an asshole and a “eugenicist” and how he and especially his girlfriend would be great parents. My intention wasn’t to be a dick and I’m genuinely glad my cousin is happy after all he’s been through but I thought my questions were fair. I was just saying thing he has said in the past.   AITA here?
e850o8	So a bit of background first. Husband and I have been together for 9 years (since high school), married for 4. His sister is older, now in her early 30s and married with a 6 month old daughter. She's a teacher (I have total sympathy for teacher salaries sucking as I'm in education as well) and her husband has a good, salaried job in the automotive industry.   Ever since we've been together, and maybe even before then with her other family members, she always does handmade gifts- **really terrible paintings**. When she was in her early 20s and in college it was one thing. I get it, I've been a cash strapped college student before too, but it never stopped. We exchange Christmas lists or give indicators as to what we might like every year and we always spend at least a decent amount of money getting her what she asked for (averaging around $50 probably) as well as now for her husband and this year for her daughter. Even as a wedding gift she made us a painting which looked like an 8 year old could have done it. Not even like cool and abstract, just terrible wine and paint night type art. It's sitting in the closet now, never having been hung cause it's horrible but I feel like an asshole if I throw it away.  So we recently asked what they might like for Christmas this year and when she asked what we wanted my husband said "anything on my Amazon wishlist, I'll send you the link" she says "well I already know what I got you isn't on your wishlist cause I made it". Like why even ask us what we want then and UGH another painting!  Don't get me wrong, I think handmade things are great from kids or if you have a particular talent, but otherwise it's not fair to ask people for things that cost actual money and get them and give something unwanted and terrible in return. To be fair we've never expressed these feelings cause it seems mean but also isn't it a given that your adult brother and his wife don't want your terrible paintings? Even if we did want them and like them enough to hang, our house would now be covered in her paintings which is weird too!  To add to that, when we visit and by accounts of everyone else we know in their life, they spend ridiculous amounts of money eating out and buying whatever they want. She even confessed to me that she'd love to quit working and stay home but that they couldn't maintain their current lifestyle that way. No judgment (ok a little judgment)- but if you really want to stay home to raise your child you can't cut back on the other stuff a little?  So AITA if I say something or just continue getting horrible gifts for the rest of my life while spending our money on her and her family?
e84yp0	I graduated this year, on a Saturday in May. I knew the graduation date a couple of months beforehand and invited my family, including my SIL. My SIL asked me if she had to go, because she might have work. I said if she had to take special pains to do it, she didn’t have to come, though I was secretly a little bit put out that she couldn’t ask for a day to attend my graduation and the party. Seeing as I’ve been trying to treat her like a full member of the family/a sister. I told this to my Mom. Unbeknownst to me, my Mom went to my brother and strongest advised that my SIL take a day off to go to the graduation, to express that we’re becoming more like family. She did take a day to attend, I was thrilled.  My SIL is now graduating—next Saturday. This past month or two, she’s been saying that she only has two tickets to the event, which is unfortunate, not uncommon. She planned to invite only my Mom and my brother. Because of this, I assumed that I wouldn’t be attending and didn’t ask after further details. Just today, my Mom told me that my SIL was able to secure 4 tickets to her graduation and would like me to come as well. It was only then I learned the actual date of the graduation.  I’m taking another class (to get a license) and I have a 12-hour practical clinical experience shift scheduled that day. I could, possibly, reschedule it, but I would probably have to pick up a shift on either Christmas Eve or Christmas to make up for it.  I feel like total shit, because I feel like I insisted on her attending my graduation, and now I’m flaking out for the same reason? I talked to my brother about it, saying I was really sorry, and he said it was okay, but I don’t know it if is.  AITA?  Edit: By next Saturday, I meant this coming Saturday—the 14th.
e84w4h	Semi-Long story, TL;DR at end  So my dad is a firefighter, and every December his district has an wards ceremony.  The whole time my dad heckled the chief on how he could do better on the speeches. My first thought was “I’m going to tell the chief, and we I’ll all laugh and nothing will go wrong I’m sure” (I lack common sense)  You have to understand, I’m used to being around firefighters at the station, who I’ve known for my entire life, and joke around with like family. I had my guard completely down.  Now I do end up telling the chief, and my dad shoves next out of the way, and says “Shut your d*mn mouth.” For most people this might not matter, but for me it was different. You see, me and my dad have this sort of unspoken rule. We never cuss at each other, as we don’t want to get to where he hurts me, or I don’t feel safe in the house and do something stupid. So too see him break that promise hurt me a lot.  It’s been 2 days and I refuse to talk to him in person. I will text him, but will not talk to him in person, as I’ve stated.  TL;DR: Dad broke promise VERY important to me. Refuse to talk to him until he apologizes.
e84p83	A day ago, I went into my room to see that my mother's dog peed in my room again. This was about the 7th or 8th time over a period of 5 months and I was getting sick of it. So, I walked into my mother's room and, while she was in bed watching TV, wiped my piss-trodden slippers on her bed. She screamed at me andcalled me ungrateful, telling me that if I didn't want the dog to pee in my room, I should have closed my bedroom door. I responded by saying that she should have potty trained to dog better or buy the dog a cage to stay in for most of the day (the dog only listens to her - he doesn't like me), and that I shouldn't have to bear the full responsibility of keeping the dog out while the dog never gets punished or reprimanded- she didn't even tell the dog that he's a bad dog for doing that.  Am I The Asshole? I know I overreacted by wiping pee on my mother's bed, but I want to know if my argument holds water.
e84f7j	earlier i (20f) was having a discussion with someone and i said i think if you’re older than 21 it’s weird to be hanging out with people who are 17-19 years old. my friend (19f) didn’t like this and thinks that it doesn’t matter how old you are and people can hang out with whoever they want.  ETA: btw i don’t mean just like hanging out 1 on 1 (which i think is even more inappropriate) but also going out to parties that are predominantly 18-20 year olds when you’re 28 is weird.  Edit 2: obviously i don’t care who hangs out with who do whatever you want. my point is just that hanging out with someone 6 years younger than you who is barely legal is a little odd.
e84er1	English is not my native language. okay, so when my son was 13 I and my wife were going through a NASTY divorce. for whatever reason, he began to Hate me. calling me names saying he hates me, breaking my valuables. when the divorce was finalized he didn't want to stay with me and choose to live with his mom. a year after the divorce was done, my ex remained to a man with a daughter named K. that's the last time I had contact with him until now  when my son was 19 he called me saying that he would like to live with me because his mother is playing favorites with K. he told me that his mom would pay much more for K's activity and gifts and that she stopped paying for his college saying that she needed the money for K's college in the future. I said no because he never wanted contact with me before. and he begged me saying he can't pay for college anymore and now he is working for minimum wage and she gonna kick him out soon so he will be homeless.  I still said no. now he is spamming my messages.  AITA  edit: it seems I have been the asshole. I will try to contact my son to see what il do.  final edit: holy sh\^t I reread the story and I acted like an Sh\^t head. I can't let him be homeless. I will talk to him to see if he would want to live with me for minimal rent. I thank you all for kicking some sense into me.
e849mh	UPDATE at the bottom   I just moved into a semi detached property. My only neighbour is this very religious middle aged guy. We had already realised he was going to be problematic when we were cleaning the place, during the day, and he came over to complain about some noise. Ends up that it was the window blinds rattling against the window because of the wind... I've always been a night owl and my husband is abroad often, so we usually have to deal with a time difference, which at the moment is 5 hours. This means I'm awake at night a lot.  Well, clearly my neighbour has taken exception to this and keeps on banging on my wall when I'm simply chatting with my husband. I'm not screaming, but I also can't whisper otherwise he won't hear me. I'm just talking normally.   Yes, it's late, he has banged on the wall art midnight and at 3 am, but I never had any complains from any neighbours before and as I'm saying, I'm talking normally, not raising my voice at all.   By now he's making me highly uncomfortable and it isn't that easy to change our patterns. I have no idea how thin the walls are and I don't know what to do.   I can also be, ermmm, rather loud when I'm having fun, both on camera and when my husband comes home. He has never banged on the walls at those moments, but it's not like I can get off much earlier because otherwise the kids will be awake (eldest is usually asleep like a rock by 11 pm).   I'm considering telling the neighbour to cut the crap because I'm not doing anything weirdly anti social but I'm a bit afraid of being the asshole. So, aita?  UPDATE - So, I just had a knock at the door and it was the neighbour, who came to have a word about the noise he hears (at 11:30 pm and he just left at 11:45 pm, so as you can see, he isn't an early bird either).  My husband isn't home yet so it's not like he came because I was talking now, because right now I was quiet. He just wanted to talk about the other nights.  He said he can't hear what I say or anything, he can just realise that people are talking or TV on or something (he confirmed that it isn't loud enough for him to even be able to say what it is, he also didn't know if it was us, the kids, he even asked if I talked in my sleep so clearly it isn't loud at all).  He apologised for having such sensitive hearing but again reinforced me really likes silence and it bothers him. He also told me that the previous people were truly awful and there was lots of loud noises at all hours (which I already knew because the neighbours on the other property not attached to ours, already told us).  I told him I understand, and I understand he has been having complete silence for a whole year, but I really am only doing very normal stuff. I try getting any chores done as early as possible, and any talking was done at the same level I was talking to him. In the future if I have TV or music on at night, that's also on low volume.   I did say that I'm still moving in, so my wardrobe for example is completely empty which may not help, and I'm also looking into suggestions from friends (mainly here actually 🤣) about how reduce the sound. I did also ask if he would consider steps on his side as well, seeing that he is admitting the sound is extremely low but he's more sensitive than normal, I think it's acceptable to ask him to at least consider ear buds or something.   All in all, we were both friendly, and maybe we can work it out.
e83v73	I’ll give some background and what made me post this  I’m 20 and my dad is a great father he loves tf out of his our family(me,bro,mom) and would do anything for us, too much so in fact and I think that is basically the root of my resentment   Here are reasons and examples that come to mind about him just being too much causing my resentment:    -He’d not let me solve any of my own problems he’d immediately intervene and solve it for me, the more I said “no I got it” the more he’d feel the need to help and it’s not like he’d work me through it, or consider if I even needed help to begin with; he’d just dismiss me to go do whatever I wanted to do   ^this may sound like a good thing but it’s not, not only do I have a desperate need to be independent but I’m also incapable of being independent I never needed to improve my problem solving skills    -He takes everything personally even if it has nothing to do with him at all he’ll assume it does, like one time me and my bro said his burritos aren’t good we could both tell he took it super personally, cooking isn’t something to be taken personally unless you just want me to lie but wtf does that solve   ^People who’d rather hear a white lie than a truth piss me the fuck off it’s red pill vs blue pill    -He hugged me probably a grand total of 10 times in my life if that, and we had maybe 3 meaningful conversations in my lifetime (not that that I can remember any) the rest being recycled small talk over and over and over again which I find desensitizing    -he’s roundabout rather than direct, like when he caught me with a juul back in the day instead of taking it on the spot and giving me a talking to he’d wait until I’m asleep and take it then, and when I asked about it the next morning both parents lied about it    -no sex talk or anything else uncomfortable to talk about everything like that I found out way late from my classmates, didn’t know girls don’t have dicks until 1st grade and I didn’t know what sperm was until 6th  I can go on and on but basically there’s a bunch of little stupid reasons I resent my father and since he’s so loving and nice I don’t feel like I don’t have the right to complain so whenever I get fed up with him I feel like I’m biting the hand that feeds me    I look at my father as an example of what not to end up as, that is what I will become after a lifetime of negligence, a lifetime of the blue pill  Yesterday at a Christmas party at a restaurant he spent the whole 3 hours staring at me and my bro analyzing us which really gets under my skin, and today I was halfway through a hotdog with another on my plate and he looks at me while I’m eating and asks if I’m hungry and want him to cook something, why are you this dumb dad is all I can think, but he’s just being  kind so I feel like such a shitty son and an asshole  Thanks  I realize how much of a spoiled brat I sound like but I’m just that: a spoiled brat  Edit: I’m referring purely to the movie when I say blue pill
e83rpc	   Hello, Tis the season for giving but I'm not sure if this would be appropriate or not. Just to note, my mum has a birthday right before Christmas and I will be giving her a physical present for that.  My parents are moderately well off and retired. I am currently between jobs and a student but my partner is working, but still it's basically paycheck to paycheck combined income. Anyway, my mum has kind of always been that "you don't have to get me anything" type of person but gets upset if I don't get her anything. She sent a Christmas list around to my dad and brother and sister. I can't afford anything on the list and I think she might be a bit out of touch with the cost of living/disposable income I have.  Anyway in the past I gifted her a "goat" from Amnesty international for a village overseas but also got her something else because I didn't think she'd be satisfied with that. She seemed to like the goat present. I have some charities (for things like abused children, Christmas appeal, mental health hotlines) I like to give to each Christmas myself and I thought giving more on her behalf (they send you a letter or email about what it does and thank you) might be a good gift and cheaper for me!  But I don't want to make her feel like I'm not getting something specifically for her and don't care. She once got upset because my dad bought her a necklace and I gave him the money to get her the matching earrings because I was interstate and couldn't pick them up myself. Her dad hated Christmas and always made it miserable so she can be emotional around this time.  WIBTA?
e83pqs	So I had just taken a math test, I found out that I had forgotten to flip some negative signs and exclaimed to my friend,” That’s fuckin gay.” My teacher heard me and reported it to the office. While in the office I felt like I really didn’t deserve to get in trouble for what I did so I argued and talked back to the administrator. I was suspended for the rest of the day, required to attend a two hour detention and kicked off the varsity football team and sent down to JV. Is the school seriously overreacting or am I the asshole?
e83e4q	I’m 20 years and really want to make new girl friends. The thing is, I really prefer my friends to be no more than 4 years younger or older than me. My coworker who is 29 keeps inviting me out. She’s nice and we get along, but she’s almost 30-I just began my 20’s. What are we gonna talk about besides work?   I told my boyfriend and he laughed and told me I was being an asshole. But am I, really? I don’t know.
e83b0e	Hi everyone. Just some context, I work as a cashier at my local grocery store. It gets very busy there, especially around this time of year. While we are at the registers, nobody is allowed to use their phone or even have it out for any reason. I should also mention that to get around that, I often use the diction feature on my apple watch to text people when we aren’t as busy (speak into the watch and it types the message for you).  But anyway, coworker will always be on her phone. Constantly. I don’t care that she’s on her phone, but here’s what bothers me: there’s a short wall in front of the registers where important info gets pinned that we might need. When coworker uses her phone, she bends down behind the wall to try and hide it from our supervisors. The wall doesn’t cover her completely, but it’s enough for customers to not notice her / assume she’s not open, so they go to another lane. It’s frustrating when I have to pick up her slack because she’s too busy on her phone while at work. I’m not sure if she’s doing it inadvertently or not.  I thought about ratting her out, but I wondered if it would be an asshole move, considering I often use the diction on my watch to send messages while on the clock.  Again it’s not the fact that she’s on her phone that bothers me, it’s about how it’s making customers not notice/avoid her and having to pick up her slack.   WIBTA for ratting her out?
e839rx	I was on the phone with my boyfriend the other night, and he was telling me that he was stressed because his daughter was sick all week. We talked a little bit about that, and then I told him that he should take a night off, we could go out. I didn't see a big deal, I thought it would relieve him of stress, and he has left his daughter home alone before so I didn't think that would be a big deal. Then he started blaming me for not listening to him, and how dare I suggest he leave his daughter home alone when she was sick, and that I wasn't being understand of his daughter or him as a parent. I was kind of annoyed with him at this point, I don't like being lectured, so I curtly apologized and told him to go take care of his daughter and I hung up on him. We haven't spoken all weekend. I was surprised he didn't try to call me at all. I understand now that my boyfriend doesn't want to leave his daughter alone when she's sick, but I feel like it was an honest mistake when I suggested it, I didn't realize he'd get so mad. AITA?
e835up	For context, I’m a relatively young male teacher.  Before pursuing a full time job as a teacher, for internship, I was interning at one of the after school care centres at my town a few months back.  The after school care centre have students aged from 7-12, and I was popular amongst the kids. Probably because I’m young and handsome. Sorry if I don’t sound humble here, but that’ is what I’m told by people of my age group and those students. It wasn’t uncommon for female students to say, ‘Hey, (insert friend’s name) wants to be your girlfriend and she says you are handsome.’   I’ve always thought it was just a harmless eye candy on a teacher and always laughed it off.  After all, they’re just kids.   However, there’s one female student (aged 10) who is weirdly obsessed with me, and has always been asking for my Instagram username. I’ve never had the intention to give her, because I honestly do feel that she has a crush on me (which I think it IS weird) based on how she acts around me and what her friends have told me.   So since I was just an intern teacher, I left after a short six months. I’ve bonded with some of the 11-12 year old male students, and we exchanged Instagram. I couldn’t bear to cut off contact with them just like that, I wanted to be updated with their lives.  Somehow or rather, this 10 year old female student got hold of my Instagram and requested to follow me. Since I’ve already left, I didn’t want to be ‘petty’ so I just accepted and followed her back. Then I realised my name was on her bio. No emojis or anything, but just my name. ‘Jack’ (not my real name).   I felt a little weirded out so I direct messaged her and asked her to take it down because I didn’t want any misunderstandings. She took it down but then one week later when I went back to her profile, she got it back again. At this point I don’t think it’s an unintentional mistake anymore. This went on for quite sometime, I asked her to take it down, she took it down, changes it to something else but a week later my name is up there again. A few occasions of such similar exchange, it has gotten to the point where she don’t bother to patronise me anymore and just brushed my request off.   The reason why I do not want to unfollow her is because she is kinda ... a loner. She has once confided in me that she does not have much friends, and I feel sad for her. She probably just wants an extra Instagram follower. Would she feel abandoned/betrayed/unwanted if I were to unfollow her? I’m honestly worried. You know how sensitive kids of that age are. I hope this wouldn’t affect her mental state or anything, that makes her feel bad about herself. But at the same time, I really think that her bio is kind of creating some form of misunderstanding or am I just overthinking?  SO, WIBTA if I were to unfollow her?  edit- Paragraphing
e82sv9	Okay, here's some info: I'm 29 and I have one kid from a previous relationship (a 5 year old girl). My husband is 32 and also has a kid from a previous relationship (a 4 year old boy). We've been married for 6 months and in a relationship for 1,5 years.  My husband's son has as you can tell known me since he was quite little and while I early on asked my husband to never refer to me as mom in front of him he still started calling me it a few months back, especially since his biological mom moved further away and he started spending more time with us (he's at us on weekdays and at his mom's at weekends).  I just can't stand him going all "mommy" this and "mommy" that, he's not my child. I feel like it's unfair against my own daughter (it makes her upset and jealous) plus I don't feel comfortable with it either. I've asked my husband to talk to him and explain that I only wanna be called by my first name but my husband thinks I'm being "unreasonable" and that I should accept it since "he's just a kid and it doesn't mean anything" but I feel like he's trying to adopt me as his new mom and while I love him, at the end of the day he's not mine.  Lay it on me, reddit. Am I the asshole here?
e82re6	His cat chewed through my phone charger. I gave it to him and told him to get me one from the store. I showed him a braided nylon cable, and he told me no because he told me before that I need to quit leaving stuff dangling off the table, and that if I was getting anything, he'd be getting me a cable of equal value, but since I don't keep my receipts, he'd just get me this $5 cable from Walmart.  I told him that he's responsible for the cat, and that maybe he should train the cat to not eat my shit. He told me to quit yelling (I wasn't) and that I shouldn't have left things dangling expecting him to not chew on them. (His cat destroyed my $30 headphones and my brother had to get me this $150 wireless pair; he still chewed on those so he got me another pair).  AITA here?
e82r3f	  Hi reddit.  I have a (best) friend and someone I even call my older brother (30m) that I met on a game we both play. I will refer to him as Ronin. Ronin and I are incredibly close and honestly, I love the dude. We call each other brother and sister and talk daily,   My dad was not in my life much growing up. He traveled all the time during my visitations with him (parents divorced) and so I had to stay at his house most of the time being baby sat by my aunt. Still travels during visitations to this day but not as frequent. I have a okay relationship with my dad but it’s not anything special - I have even talked to Ronin about my problems with my dad being very traditional and knowing he would pretend I didn’t exist if I ever dared to come out to him. My dad doesn’t allow me to talk to boys and when I became a teenager tasked my aunt with the job of going through my phone every weekend to see if I talked to any boys and she had to report back to him every time. She would go through photos, messages, calls, you name it. Even apps.   Recently my dad joined the game me and Ronin play. One day he asked me who was the guy in my team, and I told him “it’s my friend, his name is ronin and we play all the time with each other” He then asked me how old he was and I told him that Ronin is 30. (I am 19) and then he very plainly said “He’s too old don’t play with him” and then moved on. I wanted to vent about this to Ronin and so I sent him a message repeating what my dad said and after a few minutes of talking, Ronin pretended he had to go and then Unfriended me on everything. Discord, in game, the whole deal.  A day later he kept trying to friend me again and I wouldn’t accept. He messaged me in game (were in the same team so we can message each other freely without needing to be friends) and I ignored him for a while and then blew up on him about how I can make my own decisions about who are my friends and that he shouldn’t have made a decision for me especially in favor of my dad. He has then left the team and apologized a couple of times. I am starting to feel bad and I don’t know if it’s worth it.
e82izy	25M here.  Just had what I consider the worst sexual experience in my life. I kind of have "premature ejaculation", so even after I ejaculate, I still remain in the sex for the pleasure of my partner.  This time, I was with a girl I met on Tinder and I did the same behavior as ever. But after sometime I went to put the condom in the trash and didn't say a thing. So when I came back to bed she looked at me and asked if I was done and I said yes, and I told that I was sorry for not letting her know (in my mind I though she already knew) . She said "holy shit" and I just replied "OK", then I put my clothes and went home.  Should I have said something?
e82dl3	So I’ve (23M) been on 5 dates with this girl. I really like her but we havnt had the exclusivity talk or anything yet. I was really hammered at the bar last night and I was getting a little handsy and touchy with this random girl and we were both flirting with eachother. Next thing I know, the best friend of the girl I’m seeing comes up to me and calls me a scumbag, a player, and an asshole. I immediately tried to defend myself and told her that I really like the girl. She wasn’t having it. Now the girl knows and is pretty pissed off it seems. Fuck. AITA or is it normal/fine to do this if you aren’t exclusive with someone.
e829dk	So I mentioned in another post that I live with my husband’s family. Me and him help with the rent, cellphones and cable. His parents cover for the rest.   My BIL goes to college and is aiming to be an artist but he literally gets home from school and sits down to watch movies or tv shows the remaining of the day. I started getting paid less at my job so my husband has had to help more with not only our expenses but also the previous house expenses.  I was thinking that if my BIL gets a job he could start paying for his own phone line and help a little more around the house, as he does not do absolutely anything.   If he cooks, it’s only for him and he doesn’t do pretty much any chores. His parents have complained to me and my husband on how the rent is going up and stuff.  I have a fairly good relationship with him.  So WIBTA if I tell him he should get a part time or should I leave it to his parents?
e820le	(Throw away)   A woman I dated briefly back in February texted me a few months later after totally ghosting me to tell me she believes I am the father of her unborn child. She claims by the time she found out she was pregnant termination was no longer an option and because she was on birth control it wasn’t unusual for her not to get her period. It wasn’t until she felt the baby kicking she thought to take a test! When I asked why she was just telling me this she said she didn’t even think it could be mine because she was hooking up with her ex since ghosting me. But after doing the math the date of conception was the last time we had hooked up and she’s almost certain it’s mine. I really don’t trust her. I haven’t said anything to her since that day and she has since given birth and texted  me asking how I want to go about this and I honestly just don’t trust her. She’s either trying to rope me into caring for another mans child or just wanted to fuck over the first guy that got her pregnant. I have absolutely zero interest in having kids. Especially from someone who was childish enough to ghost me without any explanation. Would I be an asshole if I don’t respond?
e820ba	Alright, first things first. Long time lurker, decided to create an account. Also, English is not my first language.     I was friends with a girl who i'll refer her as "Lucy"... Some backstory:  I'm currently 22 and I've known Lucy  for 14 years now. Some time ago I developed strong romantic feelings for her.  I told her that I Liked her and asked her if she felt the same. She said no and I told her that I understand and she started to say that we can still be friends and whatnot (I was her best male friend, according to her words).  I told her that I can't give her a relationship that she wanted (to stay friends and to keep seeing eachother), because it would be a lie on my part.   I can't be friends with someone I love. You might say that it's doable and to quit being a pussy, that you can "separate" the feelings and still act and feel as a friend (I heard that from a no longer friend). I'm a very sensitive man and often times I share my feelings with  friends and people around me.    I told her that it was best for my emotional being and for my peace of mind that we needed to stop seeing eachother, wished her best and told her that if she runs into an emergency or something bad happens, to tell me. You can't just trash a friendship like that, right?  Now, here comes  the AITA? part... I thought I needed to put the backstory.  Lucy and I share a Female best friend, who I call "Rena"  Rena and I are absolute best friends, I often times go to her house and hang out with her family and even house-sitted a couple of times.  Last Friday, was Rena's birthday party, and of course, Lucy was bound to be be there.    So, when Lucy came in to  say hi to everyone (Where I'm from, people usually kiss on the cheeks for a greet/say hi if you know the person) and of course I did the custom and say the "howdy" equivalent.  I didn't cross a word with her after that, and the evening went on.   I had a blast meeting Rena's university friends and had some new cool people to hang out with :)  Then Sunday came and with it, a text from Lucy...  She basically told me that she felt bad because she thought I  "actively ignored her", and that even the new people she met was more cool with her than I with her. I didn't ignored or avoided her. If, for any reason, she joined the group I was in i would gadly shared a word and discuss whatever topic was being discussed.   Basically, I didn't pursue a conversation with her, but I don't think that is a way of actively ignoring her. She didn't talk or tried to talk to me either.     thoughts? AITA?
e81svo	(Mobile format, FYI.)  I know that this sounds bad, but hear me out before judging.   At my school, the teachers have a strict policy that you’ll get detention for posting homework answers anywhere online. If you’re in a group chat and you’re caught in that group chat with homework answers, everyone in the chat, along with you, will get detention.   I recently caught wind of a big group chat, and I’ve been thinking about snitching about it to the guidance counselor. At the same time, I’m thinking about doing nothing, because it’s frowned upon in the grade.   So Reddit, WIBTA?  Edit: The group chat in question is extremely exclusive. My friend warned me about it because he heard some names and he didn’t want my detention-less year to go bad.
e81ky7	A few weeks ago, ‘Sarah,’ ‘Tom,’ and I were on a trip with a few other people. I was talking with Sarah and the conversation shifted to talking about Tom. We are both friends/acquaintances with Tom and so we talked about are various interactions with him.  It was definitely gossiping, but we both generally have a positive overall opinion of him. After telling her a little about my texts with him, she was super interested in reading them. After being harassed about it for a bit, I decided to just let her read them, but tbh I thought it would be fun to hear another opinion as well.  My conversations with Tom are generally pretty personal (body image stuff, who he finds attractive, etc.), but probably the worst part is she saw some sfw but kinda scandalous pictures that he had sent for feedback.  I told her about the pictures beforehand, but she accidentally saw one of them and I feel really bad. Being honest, I still enjoyed the conversation despite the morally gross basis of it.  So AITA or am I fine?   TL;DR: I let one of my friends, ‘Sarah’, read my personal texts with ‘Tom’. I knew that the texts were personal, but I gave Sarah my phone to let her read them anyway. AITA?
e815wt	**Read the second paragraph if you'd like to skip the background:**     Three of us, we're long time friends from back in middle school, and we graduated college at the same time two years ago.  I left my first engineer job out of college a year ago and was unemployed for about 9 months (looking, but without any luck). One of my friend started working as a receptionist and the other a cashier (for 3 months and 1 year respectively). They both have easily applicable majors, and I told them, with my best effort to not belittle their aspirations, that they could do better than their current jobs but their only responses were "why? I love this job and the coworkers" along with "it's better than what you're doing, nothing" lines.      So here's the situation:    Recently, I started great job with a well known company. After my first paycheck, I treated the group out. After hearing about my jobs and the perks, they both muttered something along the lines of "maybe I could get a better job too," and they have started looking. I've always thought they could do better than where they are right now, and I've always voiced that to them despite their belittlement. So in a way, this is what I wanted, but it's not sitting well with me. It feels as if they're using me as a standard for the lowest denominator... as if whatever I can do, they should be able to do better. We're not even in related majors or similar industries and I don't think I've ever done anything incompetent to warrant such a thing. Maybe it's the timing of their realization or maybe it's my insecurities, but the words they said to me during my unemployment started to come to me and hurt me for the first time.      AITA for feeling not liking and feeling hurt by my friends' motivation to do better?
e815et	So my high school prom happened, and I went with three people. For the sake of privacy let's call them friend 1 (f1), friend 2 (f2), and best friend (bf)  So I head to bfs house before prom and I head up with her in a taxi. In the taxi I told her I was going to an after party with f1 and f2. She wasn't invited to this because it wasn't my party, and even if it was, she had work so she wouldn't have been able to attend. She says that she is fine with this.  We arrive, and everything is fine. We have dinner, I talk to f1 and f2 a lot because bf is just on her phone.me and bf leave to go to the photo booth after dinner while f1 and f2 are away to the toilet. We get photos, and come back. Bf leaves for the toilet, me along with f1 and f2 go to the photo booth. Bf meets us there and we get into the photo booth.   I leave early along with f1 and f2 for a few reasons. Both f1 and f2 have severe anxiety problems (that they're diagnosed with). The after party would just be us three, plus two others and I had to leave with them to get to the party, which I made bf aware of. We went to bf and told her we were leaving, which she seemed to be fine with. We all give her a hug and leave.   The morning after, I find out I'm blocked on all of her social media's and she's went on a rant painting me out to be a villain to everyone. A few weeks later I manage to get a hold of her to ask what was up. She said that she had a problem with me leaving early cause she wasn't told about the party, that she was angry with me for not inviting her (she couldnt have went anyway), that I left her multiple times during the night (which is false) and that she had posted an annonymous message thing, and claimed that I had left her a nasty message without any proof whatsoever. When I was attempting to explain a lot of things, she attempted to say that they never happened, and that i must have been remembering it wrong.   We've had arguments like this in the past, and I want to know if I was the asshole so I can prevent this happening with other friends, or if she was the asshole.
e80m2p	My (38M) sister (21F) was raised by my father and my step mother, my step mother is well off and  my father opened up a business 26 years ago that does well, she lived very comfortably compared to my own childhood where all my dad did was stress over money.   My sister works at my dads business, she works from her laptop and her hours are very lenient because of this she is often out of the country and is always bringing home expensive presents for my children (she once bought home a bunch of toys amounting to over 400)  My kids (4 and 6) when visiting my father will always run up to find her and will cling to her till we have to leave, often crying when we have to.   My sister is entirely spoilt and is making my children spoilt with all the presents.  I've had conversations with her about her spending and how she treats my children.  She taught my youngest to ride a bike without stabilizers after babysitting them for me.  I told her to stop treating my children like her own, she will not be fit to be a mother with the way she spoils children and with her spending habits, my children aren't hers to spoil.  Shes now upset with me and my partner told me I was an AH for doing that and I should have just been grateful  AITA?
e80lvt	So I am in grad school for mechanical engineering and we are studying for finals right now. A friend of mine in my class saw me eating m&ms before the final and asked if she could have a green one because her mom says they are good luck, later people told me she was being flirty with me but I didn't sense it. I told her no, and everyone acted like I was the weirdest person ever. She awkwardly walked away. Now, just so you know I bought these from the school vending machine and they are expensive. I've also bought this girl movie tickets before. So reddit, AITA?
e80l7m	Please see my post history for additional info on this issue.   tl;dr: A close friend that I’ve had since high school has changed for the worse over the past few years. The biggest issue I have is that the majority of her relationships have become transactional in that she (IMO) cares more about what her friends can give her than anything else. I made the choice to slowly let her go as I didn’t think confrontation was the way to go.  Well, this friend point-blank asked me via text if we weren’t friends any more and why and I didn’t want to be dishonest. I wrote up my feelings on the matter as kindly as I could, careful not to be accusatory and citing certain events and things she’s said. I told her I wished her well but was removing myself from her life until I felt she had addressed these issues though I didn’t believe she would. I shared that I was happy she was seeing a counselor and that I knew she could be a great person if she left her materialist worldview behind.  She replied defensively, accusing me of making judgments without discussing things with her. I felt that this exemplified my point, as she was more concerned with telling me that my feelings were wrong than reflecting on my viewpoint.  I replied a final time, restating my intention. Here’s where I’m unsure if I’m TA:  In this final reply, I told her that I’d bounced this choice off of several people both in our hometown and in my current town and that they had unanimously understood my issues and agreed with my decision.  This isn’t untrue, I have discussed it with my husband here and family members there as well as an additional close friend in our hometown who shares my issues. Communication with this third friend has devolved entirely into her complaining about original friend. We had been planning to have a conversation/intervention where I made my formal exit over the holidays and this third friend was absolutely planning on being involved.   My inclusion of this sentence was calculated. I knew that casting doubt on her other relationships would force her to critically examine them and I was intentionally vague so as to force her to reflect on whom I had been speaking with. My fear was that if she believed this was only an issue between her and I, she would discount me and not use this “breakup” as I had hoped; as a wake-up to change her behavior.  After sending these messages I shot a quick heads up to third friend and hopped into the shower. When I got out, I had a very unpleasant and inappropriate message from original friend’s husband and third friend was calling me. Third friend explained that original friend was having a paranoid breakdown. Apparently original friend’s circle has shrank to basically only her husband, third friend and I, this leaving very few options for who I was talking with. I feel badly that I caused a lot of drama but secure in my choice to “break up”.  So reddit, AITA for including that I had spoken with others about these issues and that they had agreed with me?
e80jo8	Background: My girlfriend's dad's uncle died 14 days ago. He was not super close to her, but was not far too. We live in another country and were not close to all that terrible feeling that probably stayed in her family's atmosphere for a couple days. When he died, she obviously got really sad, but seemed to handle it quite well. 3 days after his death was the last day she talked about it to me, and she is doing pretty well and being happy these last days. Well, football is really important to me, definately my life's hobby. My friend's team just got relegated to the second division of ours country league and he was really sad about it. I said i totally understand him and said that i cried when the same happened to my team. My gf doesnt like football and said: "how can you cry about it? It is just football!" I replied her saying: "for us ( me and my friend ), it is quite important. The feeling of seeing my team in the worst moment of its history is terrible, it is like the feeling of seeing a relative dying. Not a close relative, but still a relative" Then she got mad at me. She looked at me and say: my dad's uncle's died 2 weeks ago. You cant say that kind of things close to me. You sould care about my feelings when you talk, and you didnt think about my pain when you said that. Then she got off the room to cry. Obviously during my speech, i didnt think about her recent lost. In my head, i was comparing my feeling from my losts throughout my life, but anyways i seemed to have hurted her. So my question is: am i the asshole for mentioning death or this kind of feeling close to her?
e80imy	So I'm 18 and he is 16 and his whole life is staying at home everyday, failing all his exams and playing video games all day. Now i play video games myself but i know how to control myself. I want to do computer science in a top University next year and I'm studying so hard so it annoys me to see him there 24/7 playing pokemon on the switch or fortnite on the PlayStation while swearing with his friends on the mic 24/7. My parents are sick of him. I've offered to help him but he rejects me. Today i took the switch away from him and told him I'm using it for an hour and he got all pissy and told me he barely used it.  I told him to stop being such loser trash and ruining our family reputation and was an embarrassment and told him to pick up a book and read and he got very angry like i took his precious toy away from him and he got very angry with me. Was i in the wrong? The switch is for both of us but the game is mine
e80hlg	Sorry for errors, English isn’t my first language   The other day I was hanging out with some friends. One of them had been in a short vacation to Europe. And he showed us a video he had done in Belgium. He was with a girl and he told her that he was a youtuber and was doing a video about his trip to Belgium. The girl was very exited and my friend told her to make a salute for the video. He told her to say “Me Gusta Chupar Pija”. My friend told her that it meant “Good day friends” in Spanish but it actually means “I like to suck dick”.  Most of us laugh at it, but one of my friend was very upset. He called us degenerates for liking it and told my friend to delete it ( he had uploaded it on his Instagram ). I think he overreacted, it was just a funny that didn’t hurt anybody. AITA?
e80fsq	Burner account as other Is known  So essentially I snooped on a phone (unlocked it) as I was sure people were chatting rubbish about me (which makes me an asshole). It was a member of family by marriage.   Subsequently found numerous messages and threads back and forth between two members of that family basically constantly shit talking me, putting me down, calling me names, being absolutely horrible. Real horrible nasty things, proper 2 faced and has genuinly upset me.    I didnt and haven't said anything but wibta if I did, which would obviously put me at massive risk and out me for what I did which was bad? I've blocked the two people and don't want anything to do with them (they are cowardly, judgemental and tbh fucking ARSEHOLES for not saying anything to my face) but if they will be such pussies to as not say anything to my face then I dont want to bother dealing with them.   I am thinking to just leave it and not bother about it but wibta for calling them out?
e80de1	I've been dating my boyfriend for 4 months. So far everything has been going wonderfully. He's been kind, generous, and more affectionate to me than any other man I've dated.   Here's where the problem comes in. My boyfriend is half Jewish (though currently non religious) and is going to take his birthright. Essentially the Israeli government will pay for an all expenses 10 day trip to Israel for people of Jewish descent. He signed up for this trip about a month before we met. He'll be leaving in March. You can only take this trip before your 27th birthday, so he feels like this is his last chance to go. However, he will be going on this trip with his former FWB. They signed up together before we met (they have a refer a friend option and she is jewish as well).  For some backstory, I've been cheated on in the past. It's caused some trust issues in me which I had thought I got over, but this brought it all flooding back. I also have some self esteem issues. My boyfriend is a 10/10. I feel like I'm batting outside me league every time we head out together. He works out 5 days a week, 2 hours a day. I often wonder why he's even attracted to someone like me. Im maybe a 7 on a good day.  I've seen pictures of the Former FWB. She's gorgeous. I feel insecure every time I compare her with myself. She lives the next state over. They used to meet up every few months to have sex and stay at each other place for the weekend.  Eventually curiosity got the better of me and I looked though his phone. I feel terrible about this but it was eating me up on the inside. What I found was a mixed bag.  When we went official he did send her a message saying that they would have to end their arrangement. She was dissapointed by it but eventually accepted. The rest of their messages have been platonic, mostly pics of their cats and talking about rock climbing. It's the messages that came before that made me queezy.  I learned many things about their relationship that I was previously unaware of. I discovered they made multiple sex tapes together. They were into bondage. He used language I didn't even think know he was capable of. Referring to her as his "dumb cum slut" and "sex slave" She would call him "Daddy" and "master". They would talk about how she ate out his ass and put clamps on his nipples. Just so much was buried in their conversations.  My boyfriend is big, gentle, shy guy. I didnt think he was in to this. I didn't know he was capable of this. When we first started dating he kind of broached the subject of kinks, but I am mostly "vanilla" and he never really pushed it.   And now he's going to be on a trip with her for 10 days. 10 days with his hot former "sex slave". This all just makes me feel so shitty and uncomfortable. I don't want him to go but I don't want to stop him from going. This is his only chance, and there's no way he could ever afford a trip like this on his current budget. I'm just at a loss at what to do or say.
e80a95	So my friend and I have been friends since about 3rd grade, about 5 years, but we were never really close. I’ve never really liked him as a close friend. Every time he would come over for a party or something at my house, we couldn’t play games or watch movies cause he was playing on my ps4 in the living room. One day one of my closest friends had enough and wanted him out the group. All he did was whine for a day about it, and that’s al he does, I tried to tell him that the only reason we were friends was cause we needed someone for a game and he was close by, and he just started to follow us. No one wanted to say go away. He began to cry so I had to say it was a joke.   His mom and my mom are also friends so I don’t want to seem like a jerk. AITA?
e7zxzd	Alright, here we go. A bit of context. We live in Puerto Rico and we're economically strained. My father struggles with what he has to deal with at work and we live one check at a time. I went to college to study Psychology and didn't look for work because my parents wanted me to focus on studying. I felt like I could handle a part time while I studied, but they insisted on me focusing on my studies, and me being a nonconfrontational guy just let it happen without much of a fight. They let me use their car for college, so for the time being I was fine, but we all knew that piece of scrap wouldn't last much longer.      Eventually, I finished my first year of college and the car was breaking down every other week. My dad decided that, since it was the first car I had driven, I couldn't handle driving it every day to college, so they took the car, he worked a few more months and bought a cheap car online. The new car is leagues above the one we had, but still has its issues. The problem lies in what happened to me in the meantime.     They told me that I would have to go the next year without going to college, and get a job so I can afford a car on my own for next year. This time I was having none of it. Puerto Rico is currently facing a financial crisis and everyone knows it's hell on Earth to find a job here. My dad was almost 2 whole years unemployed when we first moved here, and he had experience and good references for the field he was getting into. Needless to say, they were unwilling to listen to me and now here we are.      My parents have only taken me out to look for jobs and hand out resumes TWICE this entire year, but I understand that it's because they don't have enough cash to pay for gas. We can barely make it through the month on my dad's paycheck and government aid as it is. We never buy anything unnecessary, most of the entertainment/utility things we have are hand me downs from family, including our TV, my brother's computer, and this very phone. I know our budget is the issue since I had to help for it about four times this year, but it stings every time my parents tell me I have to get a job and get a move on with my life, since I depend wholly on them for this.     I see their point at being angry at me though. At first my friends tried to help me out a bit and take me out looking for jobs, but eventually they had to stop because it started becoming a hassle. When they couldn't keep helping me out, I just stayed at home, filled in a couple Walmart or Walgreens applications online and waited to see if anything came from it. Eventually it's come to the point where all I do some days is watch YouTube, browse Reddit or just loaf around.      I haven't given up entirely though, I've been writing stories and submitting them to free online writing competitions to see if anything comes from those, but I really don't think I'll get anywhere with that. In all honesty, I'm beginning to think I'm the problem since they have a valid point in arguing that they see me loafing around at home.
e7ztbw	Ok so, yesterday I (M26) had a big fight with my gf (23) of a two years, and now she doesn't want to talk to me, so I just have to wait for a situation to calm down a bit. The reason behind a fight was me not wanting to talk about our future and make any promises. And I know this might sound bad, but I'm just not a kind of person that likes to make plans cause every time I did make plans and creating the idealistic picture in relationships it just didn't worked up.  So let me just say this first, I really don't want to lose her, and we are compatible in every other way, she's a wonderful person and girlfriend, makes me happy in a ways she can't imagine, I love her like no one before and I do want to be with her, and because of that I don't want to live in a idealistic picture of us in a future and screw up a present. That has nothing with her or our relationship, it's just the way I am and I don't know if I should change that.  We had mentioned moving in together like some day, nothing specific, I didn't say it's 100% thing cause a lot of things can happen in a relationship, but one day when if we get to that point in a relationship sure. She knows that I like my security and comfort and i can't say she didn't have patience with me but then she asked me about where do I think we will be in a 5 years or so, and I said I don't think anything, that we might be in a good spot but maybe we won't be together at all. Then shit started to add up and she asked do I even see myself with her in that scenario, and I said sure. Then she asked me if I even want to live with her and then again I said sure, but not any time soon. She looked very hurt, saying that u can't be in a committed relationship and don't think about future, that if we don't have bigger goals and go towards them we won't ever get to 'that point in a relationship'. She said that for two years she managed not to press me and make me uncomfortable and let things go natural way but she's scared it might not change in two more years because I allegedly have a commitment issues.  But the breaking point was when I said  'If I ever get married' and 'If I ever have a child, then she asked me if i meant  'us'  and then I said I don't know, maybe, that we are young and we can't know that far in a future, but I also said that is the  possibility. Then all the vibe changed, from upset she went to apathetic, saying she needs some time to think this through and decide if she wants to be in a relationship without goals with someone who isn't sure about a future with her.  So Reddit, AITA?
e7zp9t	So we have been together for a little over a year now, (im 29 she's 25) however, for the past four months we have been doing distance for work. We had decided not to buy presents and to take a little vacation together. Anyways I can't get off of work now for the vacation and now my girlfriend wants to exchange gifts instead. I told her that I usually only buy my mom presents for Christmas. I don't really care about gift-giving that much, but she loves it and takes it to the extreme. So reddit, AITA?
e7zklb	So this just happen and I am really conflicted on this matter because I see both sides of the situation.  As I was leaving my hotel room this morning for its daily clean, I saw a little girl running from room door to room door.  This isn’t unusual as there is/was a family with small children staying in the hotel the night before.   But as I keep walking, I also see the housekeeper and her cart in front of another room two doors down replacing the sheets.  Then the housekeeper calls out to the child, but she is looking into the exact room she is currently attending to.  The child that was running around then runs back to here.  The housekeeper told her to stay close by and to not knock or hit the doors.  A clear sign its her child.  With it being Sunday, the hotel is not really busy so I don’t expect the other guests notice.  I also think she’s the only housekeeper on duty because I didn’t see the usual three or four carts that I would see on a week day.    My concerns are pretty minimal about danger and safety, but more of the fact that a child shouldn’t be running around a hotel or going into guest rooms with no one actively supervising her. So WIBTA if I reported the housekeeper?  Edit:  So here’s an update...after some pretty mean comments, I went ahead and asked my hotel’s POC (who happened to be the sales manager).  At first she thought I was complaining, but I assured her I wasn’t and just wanted to ask if shes aware.  Apparently she is and doesn’t have a problem with it during the weekends and on slow days.  However, today, she has received a few phone calls to the front desk of a child laughing early in the morning, she might have to address it.  About an hour ago, I was at the hotel bar and overheard two guests saying a laughing child woke them up really early...at 9am!
e7zk2p	I'm 29, my brother is 24, and his girlfriend is 21. My brother's girlfriend went out of the country to visit family and was gone for a whole month.  In that month my girlfriend broke up with me and I decided to go to the strip club. I really need ed something therapeutic to do and that felt right to me. I took my brother and we decided to keep it a secret from his girlfriend. Anyways his girlfriend set me up with one of her friends and I told her friend I have a fetish for strippers and I told her how I went there and that my brother went with me when my girlfriend and I broke up. This girl told my brothers girlfriend about this and she's furious and called me an asshole and broke up with my brother. So reddit, AITA?
e7zeo4	Hello everyone. I'm fucking lost. I have some problems in my life and I can't rid of them. Only one thing I need now is to talk to someone about it. My bf lives in other town like 30 minutes away and I don't think he would come here. My ex bf lives in almost same town like me and we stayed friends and maybe I just need to tell my problems to someone who has never heard about them (cause I told about it to my bf but nothing happened). And today I feel really miserable. It's not for the first time and it destroys me.   I'm not planning to cheat on my bf I just need to tell some person how I feel. But I still feel guilty when I think about it.    Thank you for answers and sorry for my english
e7zba2	For starters, we are not judging the stupidity of the original fight. I concede it was a stupid fight and has even been changed to an even more irrelevant topic. I am on mobile.  My friend was getting ready for us to go out shopping.  While waiting her husband, her and I we're discussing various things. The topic of a track tournament came up. I stated how disappointed I was with the outcome, the husband agreed stating that he had been hopeful for someone that had lost early in the tournament. I agreed in my disappointment in their early loss.   He then said that at least the person who came in second wasn't the winner. I also agreed that I did not think they were the best and was glad they did not win. Then he said something that blew up my brain. He said that the contest was only between those two runners and if he couldn't have his early pick, then the runner that won was the best he could hope for.   What blew my brain, was that there were 4 runners in the race, not 2. When I tried to remind him there were two other runners, one that I even preferred over the first and second place winners he said since he didn't know them they didn't count. I called bullshit and he said the guy that lost early in the tournament was the only one that mattered after that one and two because he knew their names. When I started to tell him him not knowing their names didn't matter, he stormed out.  Did you make it this far?Here's where I actually want to know if I'm the asshole.   When he stormed out, I turned to my friend and she says "well he's right in his mind". And that would be when I told her to "fuck off, I was out". Am I The Asshole for walking out on my friend?
e7zb8b	So back in 2010 and 2011 I really liked nerds, especially stereotypical nerds for some reason, and I'd befriend all the nerds I could find in high school. During weekends, I'd go to the pub or movies with them till 12 AM.  My parents always policed who I was friends with and gave the strong implication to me that nerds were bad and at one point they told me to 'stop talking to nerdy people'. I was questioned and met with skepticism, with them outright asking me in a negative tone if I had some obsession with nerds.  I abruptly stopped all communication with them in 2014 before I got a job at a prison and I intentionally dumbed myself down to appear like less of a 'nerd' because it's ingrained into my head that nerd = bad and part of the reason I chose my job was because not many nerds will be working here and it's mostly 'tough' guys and now all my friends are tough guys/women.  I felt that due to peer pressure I tried pursuing a career in science but then I dropped it after my parents were not supportive of it.   Sometimes I look at my old friend's profiles and feel sad and conflicted about abandoning them.
e7z5mj	In 7th grade we had a sub in science class. I was trying to do my work when ppl throughout the class started throwing this tape ball about as big as my face (I have no idea where they got it from) behind the subs back. Long story short, I became annoyed and so after the 3rd time it landed near me, I picked it up and gave it to the sub. She told me to write down names.  Everyone started calling me a snitch (and at the time I didn't know what it meant lol) and other names and blah, blah, blah. My friends in my class said I did the right thing but idk if I was an ahole in doing so...  AITA?  Edit: Wow. I didn't expect this much of a reaction. I just want to add some info that I didn't put in b4 that I should've put. I was 12ish at the time and was taught that if something "wrong" was happening then to say something. I didn't know I would have to write down names, but I didn't know most of their names because Im terrible at remembering them.  Also, later on, some of the ppl from my class found a way to get into my locker w/o breaking or taking off my lock. They left it open when I got there and someone wrote/carved b\*tch on my little white board I had to write things down on, with a pencil. I didn't want to put this in because idk if they did do that because of this or not and I didn't want it to cloud ur judgement.
e7z0wj	So I (M) had a lot of my friends over the watch the boxing last night and then after other people came over and it was quite a good party.   I'd told my male mates that they could all stay over so they could drink that night and drive home in the morning. I'd also said to some of the girls that they were welcome to do the same but it turned out that only one girl was staying over in the end and about 15 guys were.  She asked in front of everyone  " is it weird if I stay over because I'm the only girl?" , to which I replied "No , no-ones going to call you a slut ". She then got up and left that room but there was nothing weird about this. About ten mins later I found someone comforting her as she cried and supposedly it was because I called her a slut. I apologised loads but she ended up begging someone to drive her home and she said she forgave me but she just really didn't and I feel like I have to apologise again.   I know by saying that she wasn't a slut, it was kinda suggesting that some people might think she is but there were lots of other people in the room who said that I did nothing wrong. I guess she had drunk quite a lot and I get that it was quite late at night so her mind might have been really tied but I literally had to apologise for not calling her a slut , which just makes no sense to me.   AITA?
e7yrr3	I'll start by saying that I am someone who values my privacy quite a bit. Not to an extreme extent, i.e. I'll still use Google and my Android phone, but I refrain from using things like social media and voice assistants.  For a while, my mother had shown an interest in buying me a kit from AncestryDNA or 23andMe. From her point of view, it would be interesting since my father and mother have very different and unique backgrounds that they don't know a ton about, and discovering more about both of them through my test would be like killing two birds with one stone. However, I politely declined, citing my privacy concerns. Clearly, I was not insistent enough.  Then I moved to another city and this DNA story was entirely forgotten until recently, where I received an early Christmas gift, the aforementioned AncestryDNA kit. I am absolutely unwilling to use it and am planning to sell it, despite knowing that my mother will be very upset since it means a lot to her. Furthermore, I know she was talking about buying one for my brother too. He doesn't have the same reservations about privacy as I do, so I am sure he will use his. However, I also have a problem with this because our genetic backgrounds are very similar and from my point of view, it's essentially the same as me using it. So I plan on talking him out of it as well.  So, WIBTA if I did not use my AncestryDNA kit? Also, WIBTA if I attempted to persuade my brother not to use his?
e7ymi3	So it was my birthday yesterday and I posted a picture on Instagram with the caption “happy birthday to me”  I got a bunch of comments from friends wishing me happy birthday and also one from someone I didn’t really know much at all. I met her once at an event a couple years back but never spoke to her again  So I ignored it and replied to my friends. Idk if I should have replied but it is kinda creepy to wish “happy birthday beautiful” to someone you barely know like just like the pic and keep it moving lmao. AITA?
e7yhyp	Background: This is my best friend. The literal Maid of Honor in my wedding. We have been through it all together. I feel as though I have saved her life multiple times, and she has always been there for me in return. We are basically sisters, and I would do anything for her... Except maybe this (Unless it was an emergency)  Before I got my new car, I would pick up my friend a lot and give her rides. She has a Service Dog (Do not ask for what, I will not tell), that is an Australian Shepard. Sweetest dog, but a LOT of shedding. Before, I had a 2005 Jeep Liberty that was on it's way out. She always has her dog sit in front of her in the passenger side seat.  This year, I bought a new 2019 Jeep Cherokee. No cosigner, completely mine, which is a HUGE adult step in my life. Needless to say, the car is my new baby. I have a carwash membership, and I don't allow my car to be dirty for more that 3-4 days without feeling extreme guilt. At the time, I had a conversation with my friend about her dog. I let her know that if she purchased a cover for the back seat, then her dog could ride in the trunk. But it would be HER responsibility to put it on and take it off in between rides.  She works about a 20 minute walk away from our home, and will normally walk with the dog to work since she doesn't drive. Many times, her cousin, who also lives with us, will pick her up if she works really late.  Now, this is where we get into it. Today we are going to see a movie together since I have been busy and she has physically asked me to spend time with her. She gets off at 4:30, so it may be starting to get dark, but not horribly. But she asks me if I will pick her up with the dog.  Unfortunately, I believe that this is a "give an inch, take a mile" kind of situation, so I tell her that we haven't gotten a cover for the backseat yet, and leave it at that.  It's the next part that irks me. She tells me that I can try convincing our other roommate to pick her up OR she can meet me here. (Small vent) Since when is it my responsibility to find you a ride? It is a nice day outside - there is no reason why I need to convince someone for you.  I told her that I would ask that roommate if/when she wakes up from sleeping. Otherwise she will have to walk home.  AITA? I feel horrible just flat out telling my best friend to figure it out, but at the same time I feel like I have to stick to my guns. I just hate the way it makes me feel. :(
e7xyfo	OK so here's the problem. My husband is a cop, he has to work all week during Christmas (24 till 30). If I have to go to my family (25th) I have to take the bus, subway and train and then a 10 minute walk to get to my aunt where we celebrate (2 hours travel al least) . Or we have to rent a car just for a day.  We have a daughter, she's 7. The only child in my family. My family decided not to do presents this year, I don't care if I get presents but apparently it's too much for them to at least have presents for my daughter. I said that if there are no presents for my daughter I don't want to go through the hassle of going there, now my mother is mad. (my family is upper class nobody has any money problems)  And we have a big But here, my in laws didn't even bother inviting us for Christmas 'because we never host it at our place'. My husband always has to work a least one of the days and to host a Christmas party on my own while also having a kid around and having to go to my own family is a bit much. (my MIL doesn't work and my SIL and her husband both have vacation the last 2 weeks of the year)   So at this rate we're not even celebrating Christmas. And now I feel like a bad mother but I also feel like we're just considered second choice family.   TL:DR: my family doesn't want to buy presents even if it's just for my daughter, and I don't want to bother traveling for 2 hours.  Edit: great that apparently a lot of people have a great relationship with their families, but most of mine haven't bothered coming to mine or my daughter birthdays for the past 2 years.  Edit 2: my husband agrees with me. And let's face it he's the only one that matters. My family isn't fun and nice enough to drag a kid to an adult party. He's going to work overtime the next few weeks so we can get more presents, and he's going to have a word with his SIL for not inviting us, and I'm going to stop babysitting my SIL baby. The reason why we have not enough money for more present is because the family decided not to do presents 2 weeks ago, we figured that would've only been for the adults so we already bought a nintendo switch while it was on discount. We used the other money we'd normally spend on Christmas to pay of some loans.
e7xsho	I am living in the US and I got get massages at a place that I LOVE.  I've gone to many places to get massages and these people, no matter who I get I end up with wonderful results and their prices are cheaper than most places.  Through a complicated system they expect me to tip about 40%.  Here's how it works:  A massage is $50, but when they post their prices they show "~~$100~~  \> $50" like it is a sale.  However, no one ever pays the full $100, it is a permanent sale.  Now I buy massages in bulk so I get a deal where I pay $35 a massage.  They have a sign at their counter reading:  tip guide  ok service = $5  good service = $10  great service = $15  excellent service = $20  &#x200B;  What they are asking as that customers pay 20% tip on the full price of the massage, which according to them is $100.  But that $20 would almost double what I end up paying for the massage.  As far as I know, tipping is 10% for excellent service, since they should get a good pay from their employer so the tip is actually extra income for them.  I also believe that I should be tipping based on full price, but to me the $100 is not full price since no one ever even comes close to paying that.  If everyone gets the sale all the time, it's not a sale, it's your price.  So with those thoughts in mind my tip for the masseuse should be $5.    I feel bad giving the wrong impression so I usually tip $10-12 (I also really like the massage), but then I also end up feeling slighted a bit by the store because I tipped higher than I normally would expect to.  I don't want to overpay and play their game but I also don't want to take it out on the employee or make them think that I didn't like their service.    So AITA for not following their expected tipping procedure?
e7xsdu	In August I decided I wanted a 3d printer. I researched what I would want and settled on one that would cost 7-8 hundred and started to save. By November I had 600 saved and was waiting for cyber Monday to purchase the printer but willing to choose a different one that was comparable based on the deals. My wife let's call her P, knew I have been saving up for one and  really particular on what I get when it comes to tech. On Monday at 1am P purchased a printer for 220 for me for Christmas on our joint on amazon account with our joint finances and it immediately popped up on my notifications while I was doing homework down stairs.   It's safe to stay I was beyond frustrated she did this same thing with a telescope a few years back and I never used the thing or purchased one I want because I didn't want that one, yet  couldn't justify a purchase while owning one I didn't use.   I gave it time (she doesn't know my frustrations)  and researched the one she got and it's actually a very good printer for the price and I calmed down but wanted to address the situation with her the next day. I let her know I knew about the purchase and that I had my frustrations but she did well in picking one out and hey saved us 200 dollars. She offered to return it but I said it's not necessary because the one she got is the best deal for quality: price.   All week I've been watching videos about potential upgrades and prints I can do and have been getting really excited to use it. I asked my wife if she was really going to make me wait till Christmas to use it and she said I had to.   So now this printer is sitting in a box and my classes are done this week and the time I would have been spending starting a new hobby is wrapped up and P says I can't have it till Christmas, and she is frustrated at me for even asking to use it now.  So AITA for wanting my Christmas present now?   Edit: is the name calling necessary?  just because I say i was frustrated doesn't mean I acted on that frustration  or the conversation I had with her was in any way heated. Having emotions doesn't make you a child  the way you act on them does.  Edit: So to clear up confusion from my bad writing here is the time line.   1.Printer purchased.  2.Frustrations ensue.  3.Research the printer before I make an ass of my self and upset the wife when there might not be a good reason.   4.I like the printer and get excited.  5.Let wife know about my frustrations over her purchasing me the printer when I wanted to buy my self one but reassured her I like the printer she bought me but should have let me bought it for my self.   6.She offers to return it. I say no because I really like it.   7.I ask of I can open it now since I would have been able to use it during my break had I bought it my self   8.She tells me no and I am agitated and she's agitated that I'm agitated, so  I leave it alone.   9.Start waiting til Christmas.   10. Ask the internet if I'm validated for wanting it now and still feeling frustrated over the situation.      Edit: Thank you for the quick input. I wouldn't go against my wife's wishes to wait till Christmas and if she wants me to wait I'll wait. I was more asking if my emotions were justified; not that I was asking the internet's permission to open my presents.
e7xqwz	My boyfriend of 3 years and i broke up around a month ago now, and we’re still pretty good friends. I’d already bought him a christmas present at this point so we decided we were still doing gifts for each other so i didn’t return the one i bought him. I’ve just spoken to him and he’s told me he’s not got me anything “physical” meaning he’s not bought me anything. AITA for being annoyed about this? My gift to him was kinda expensive and I could have returned it, Ive been in a difficult financial situation (as in i’m completely broke and have been living off rice and pasta for a mont) and have been sofa surfing because i’ve not had the money to even sort out a flat. I just feel like i’d have been more than happy to not do gifts but he EXPLICITLY stated he wanted to and then.. didn’t?  EDIT : My living situation stems from the fact i moved out of our flat after we broke up because I wanted to make it easier for him. Financially as well I had just paid for our new bed and sofa which had cleaned me out but he was going to pay for all the food etc. for the month as payback.
e7xpoa	I work in construction. My daughter Laura is 18 and will be finishing her A Levels next year, but isn't sure what she wants to do.   While studying she wanted a part time job to earn some pocket money. She wasn't having much luck so I paid for her to do CSCS (UK Construction Health and Safety) training so she can work as a labourer for me. Mainly carrying equipment around, cleaning up after me but I also let her have a go at some of the more skilled aspects of the building trade. She didn't enjoy it to begin with, but over time she got used to it, and very recently said she's enjoying it and would consider it as a career path for the future.   I was surprised. She's a total girly girl so I wasn't expecting this from her, but as a dad I couldn't be more proud she wants to follow me.   I still discouraged it though. Not because I think she'll be bad at it or that I think it's not a job for women, but because I know what sort of attitudes exist in that industry. My wife works in a male dominated sector (cyber security) and had to work twice as hard to prove herself. She's worked in teams where she was told to make the teas while the men worked and other humiliating things like that. I think my daughter could be good my sort of work, but construction is so male dominated that she'll never have a chance.   I told this to her and she got upset and isn't speaking to me. My wife (who has been extremely vocal about the struggles she's faced professionally) was fuming at me for being discouraging. We always said we'd support whatever path she took. but I think following me into construction will lead to a lot of bullying and humiliation for her down the line.   Did I do the right thing?
e7xkh3	Posting this for partner. I say partner is an asshole. Partner says he’s NAH. What do you think?  I contact the Super of the building because our fridge broke. Our regular super is away. He’s the super for next door. Both buildings are owned by a corporation with multiple properties in its real estate portfolio. Super suggests temporarily bringing a new fridge, and we can use that until our existing fridge is repaired. I thank him.  Half an hour later, the super calls and asks whether partner can come down to help him move the fridge. Partner starts grumbling that it’s not his job, gets dressed anyways, goes down to the next building and then says, “I don’t think we should be helping you move the fridge”. The Super says, “okay, it was just a new fridge and I didn’t want it to be damaged.”  Then, the situation escalates. I’m not even sure what happened. Partner raises his voice and says, “That’s not our job. Ever since corporate took over, our building has gone to s$%#.” Partner walks/storms away. Super storms after him and tells partner with raised voice, “Don’t swear. I’m just trying to help you.” Super storms back in, slams door closed. I’m standing in the middle of two angry men.  As background, corporate has instituted a number of policies and changes to the detriment of residents.  I tell partner that if he’s angry at Corporate and their asinine policies, he lost his cool at the wrong person. Blame corporate for not hiring enough people, but don’t yell at the employee who is just trying to help us.  I feel it would be similar to getting angry at a utility company and then yelling at the telephone representative.  I tell partner that he owes the super an apology. Partner says he’s NAH because the super shouldn’t have even asked us to move the fridge. Partner does not feel that it is his responsibility to help corporate save a few bucks because they’re too cheap to properly hire people.  Who is the asshole here?  &#x200B;  UPDATE: I had it out with partner yesterday explaining all the reasons why he's the asshole. Partner is writing an apology card to the substitute super and giving it to him. I told partner I was severely disappointed in him that he could treat another human being (who was helping us) so poorly and it made me re-evaluate who he is as a person, and a partner.
e7xfyo	I am currently doing a semester abroad in Spain. Here I live in a flat with two roommates (who also are doing the semester with me). Friday I decided to go on a trip on my own to another city for the weekend. We'll call my roomates Mark and John. John decided to go on a trip by himself too so only Mark stayed in the flat.  When I came back an hour ago (John had not come back from his trip, and Mark was here), I started to unpack my suitcase in our livingroom and noticed two dirty plates on the table (with a dirty knife and fork to be extremely precise). I was surprised, I was sure to have emptied the table of my last meals before I left (it was 99% chance my dishes because I am the only one using this table 99% of the time)  So I took the dishes in the kitchen to wash them. Mark was there. I jokingly said "Jesus, I let these dirty plates on the table before going." to which he answered "No, I took them back there." It took me a second to understand : I brought these dishes into the sink the night before going on my trip and forgot to wash them. So Mark saw them, decided he would not wash them and took them back to the table.  We eat our meals separately. Each one cooks for himself and everyone supposedly washes their dishes. Except someone else left something in the sink, then we would (well apparently, I would) just wash them. It's never much, like on pan, or 2 or 3 plates, or a few glasses. It's never like 6+ plates and like 20+ spoons/forks/knifes.  Anyway, I was fairly appalled by the fact that he would actually make the effort of taking the plates and taking them back to the room and let them rot for 2 days instead of just washing them himself. So I kind of confronted him with a surprised face :  Me : "You took them back ??"  Mark:"Yes, they were not mine."  Me :"I mean come on, I've washed dishes for everyone."  Mark :"Well I wash my dishes."  Me :"Dude it's like two plates, you could have washed them."  Mark :"No, they are not mine."  He then went to the toilets while I proceeded to wash the damn plates. He came out and I admit that I attacked :  Me: "See ? 30 seconds !" while waving the clean plates.  Mark :"Well next time you just wash them."  Me :"That is childish behaviour. I mean for two plates it's childish."  He then said something like "I don't want to touch other people's dirt."  I aborted the fight. Unbelievable, I had the stupid "dishes" fight so many fear. I still think he should have washed my dishes, even though they were mine. I mean what if I did not come back ? He would have just let them rot on the table for weeks ? AITA for telling telling my roommate he should wash my dishes ?  &#x200B;  Edit : typo
e7x6jc	I'm the youngest of three children and don't have any kids of my own yet, so I tend to treat my nieces and nephews as if they were my own kids. My niece just turned 9, and she's been talking nonstop about wanting a drumset for months. My brother and his wife are a bit strapped for cash, taking care of three young kids, while I'm doing pretty well as a programmer. I decided to buy my niece a drumset since I knew how bad she wanted one.   She was so happy when she opened it up she was actually in tears, but my brother and his wife were smiling awkwardly and kept making little jokes like "Uncle dontlikeforks1 should have asked mommy and daddy first!" and "Well we can say goodbye to sleep!"   I thought they were harmless jokes but after the party my brother pulled me aside and said I was way out of line getting her a drumset without asking them. He said they had nowhere to put it and that it was gonna be a constant annoyance for the whole family.   I do feel bad but I also just wanted to spoil her since I know how bad she wanted one. Am I the asshole?
e7x48f	When I was in college I dated a guy for 3 years who was emotionally and verbally abusive. I didn’t fully realize this until a year or so after breaking up (I read “Why Does He Do That”). We had remained friends after the breakup and he continued to treat my horribly. After sorting everything out in my mind, I cut contact with him.  He is an incredibly charming and likable person, and was/is a beloved central figure in our mutual friend group. I confided in some of these friends when I cut contact with him about what had happened. I was still very distraught about having to cut him off and told them I didn’t expect them to pick between us (both because I didn’t want to mess up his life/cause drama and because I knew they probably wouldn’t pick me, or would at least resent having to pick me). They were sympathetic and supportive to me but remained close friends with him.  It’s been about a year since cutting him off, and our mutual friends were good about keeping us separate....by not inviting me to anything he’d be at (everything). I’ve grown a lot and made new friends and started dating someone who is genuinely good to me, and I’m angry with this old group and don’t want anything to do with people who are still friends with my ex.  Where I might be the asshole: several of these old mutual friends continue to reach out to me and try to spend time together. One has begun asking if we are ok and if they did anything to upset me. I have begun ignoring all messages from these people. Am I the asshole for ghosting? I know it would be better to just send a straightforward message ending the friendship, but I am angry and sad and hurt and don’t want to have to continue dealing with this. Also I feel like they should know why I don’t want to talk to them. Am I the asshole/would I be the asshole if I continued ghosting instead of responding with an explanation?
e7x3dy	Yes I know, dumb title, but that’s honestly what happened. My mother asked me if I wanted to play indoor field hockey, and not wanting to be rude (I know the coaches and it seemed like they needed me on the team, but they really didn’t because they have another goalie), I said sure. But I knew that none of the usual people I play with were gonna be on the team, so when I got there I was basically alone the whole time.   I usually play a sport for fun, but I wasn’t really having fun playing it. Field Hockey is fun but I dont want to play it more than I have to after the season ends. Its a fun thing to do in small amounts. Also, indoor is just kinda not my favorite version of field hockey, so that factors in to.   Anyways, my dad woke me up one morning 10mins before practice. He kept telling me to get ready for practice. I decided, being half asleep as well, that I might as well tell him that I didnt really want to play. I had tried to tell them after the 1st practice (this was the 3rd practice, I missed the 2nd cuz Thanksgiving) but they kept insisting I play cuz it’ll make the coaches like me in highschool. But when I told him that morning, he got pissed and said,”I’m gonna call your coach now and tell her you’re dropping out”.   And now I feel like an asshole for saying I’d play but then dropping out at the 3rd practice. But I know if I had talked to her about it she probably could’ve understood me, but I just feel bad about dropping out like that. Thoughts?
e7x1wq	Hello reddit. Title explains all but for backstory, I recently took Christmas photos where I made the ok hand sign by the leg (we all know that game right?). Basically I thought it was a harmless prank. My mother thinks otherwise and we can't retake it. So reddit AITA  Edit: For those saying it's a racist symbol, I had no clue that it was associated with racism. I'm thinking of like in Malcom in the Middle or shit like that  Edit 2: OK now I understand im the asshole. On top of that to make me even more of one is that it is apparently the last year that this place is going to exist (took pictures at a brunch at a country club) which I didn't know at the time. So I am 100% the asshole. However there are some of you calling me a racist nazi and that is not the case at all
e7wxo8	**A little background:**  I live with my parents in Europe, but I'm currently visiting Asia with my Mother and staying in our own house. My parents are hoarders (or at least to a minimalist like me, they are). My Dad hoards documents (seriously, he has useless piles of papers) and tools. My Mum hoards...quite a few random things. I grew up in the midst of boxes filled with random things. I share my bedroom with my Mother (Dad has a history of physically assaulting her). We weren't financially stable and didn't have a lot of furniture so everything was always chucked in my wardrobe, and everywhere else in the bedroom.  We've always had arguments because I like things to be organized and my Mum finds that to be quite bothersome sometimes... Also, she has *severe* depression, anxiety and PTSD.  \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  So. Now that my Mother and I are away from my abusive Dad for a few months. I try my best to live out my dream of keeping things organized. My Mum takes care of the kitchen (cooking, doing the dishes, laundry, etc) and I keep the house clean. I find a disorganized place to be very traumatic, due to living my whole life in a cluttered apartment and having no where to sit in peace.  During our stay here, I've had countless arguments with my Mum over this.  **Sharing a few incidents for more context, so you can help me really determine whether I'm being unreasonable, because I'd love to change if it is so:**  1. She'll write random things on any piece of paper she'll find, then these papers accumulate in her cupboard (which I've tried organizing several times). I've given her notepads to write on, but she'll complain that because the notepads were sitting in the cupboard, she forgot about using them and wrote on whatever was closest to her. 2. She'll keep useless ads/magazines that she won't read, and when I ask her if I can throw it away, she'll demand I keep it on the table so she remembers to read it and throw it away afterwards. I say okay, and it stays there for weeks until I bring her attention to it again. This happens with pretty much *everything*. 3. A bottle of hair oil finished and I found weird looking remnants sitting at the bottom. I casually tell Mum about it, she asks for me to leave it on the bedside table so she can check it out later. I refuse, she insists, I say okay, and the bottle stays sitting there for weeks until I throw it away.  Today, I threw away an expensive hand cream that had been expired for months now. She wanted to finish it even after it expired, so I kept reminding her to do it for the past two months. I finally decided to throw it away since it was in a jar and could be contaminated by now. She found out and got *really*, really upset. She said she felt insulted.  Am I an a-hole for doing that without her approval? She's an amazing woman and Mother; incredibly loving and caring, but we clash a lot over this issue and I'd really like to know if I'm being completely inconsiderate.
e7wd6x	One of my housemates keeps turning the kettle off at the socket. So when I go to make a coffee in the morning I don’t notice and when I come back to it it’s still cold, therefore starting my day with a mild annoyance.  I questioned her about it and she says it’s because she’s worried it’ll set the house on fire while she sleeps... Bit neurotic and OCD imo...  So I’ve started deliberately turning it on before I go to bed and she can just deal with her anxiety. AITA?  Edit: Thanks for advice, I understand now that I’m being petty and it’ll be easy for me to just pay attention when I wake up in the morning to save her a bit of anxiety (even though I think it’s a bit silly)
e7w5g6	Wife's birthday is December 26th. As you can imagine, her birthday was often lumped together with Christmas plans and gifts. My MIL was pretty bad about this, I can easily imagine how my wife's childhood never really included a proper birthday.  Once my wife turned 18, she wanted to start making up for it. She would always plan a big party on her birthday, on the 26th, which was nice because friends were always back in town.  Last year she turned 40, and wanted to make a big deal of it. Kids are getting older, so it's easier to travel again. She wanted to do a big girls trip to Hawaii with ALL of her friends (many do not know eachother), but only a few of her friends could do it - and she desperately wanted something that could include everyone. So THREE separate trips were planned, three long-weekend getaways, one not until after school got out months later.   I attended ONE dinner out with local friends later on, and none of the trips.  I stayed home with the kids and paid for them. I say I paid because I earn 90%+ of the household income, and barely got to be included in any of this - but that's what she wanted. Heck, she even wanted to subsidize expenses at several junctions, like paying for the AirBNB herself on one of the trips, paying for the concert tickets at another, and buying a plane ticket for a friend who couldn't afford the trip on a third case.   Something about the way her 40th went just broke me. I hate her birthday now, and I've told her we need to scale this back in the future. We've fought a ton about it, even long after the fact.  So this year she just said let's go out to dinner on the 26th with our family, our kids and my relatives back home (the people hosting us). Maybe reserve the party room at her favorite restaurant. Honestly... that sounded perfectly reasonable. So I call my mother to help coordinate the family, and my mother already planned to have the family over to their house that night. My mother already had put a plan in motion. She suggested we could still go out, but perhaps on the 28th - that would be more fun, it's a Saturday night, and we invite friends to that one too. I dunno, sounded like a nice compromise, so I said thanks and moved on.  Wife blew up when I shared that with her. How dare I not follow her instructions and bow to my mother's idea about HER birthday. Now it's a big drama that she got no vote on her own birthday, and I took my mother's "side". In fairness, we both have mother issues - we'll both do as our mothers wish instead of eachother. I have a hard time seeing what my wife's done RIGHT in this whole scenario, it just feels horribly selfish to make a drama once again about her birthday. But I'm really trying to figure out if I've also done wrong in "siding" with my mother, not that it was a fight or anything... but just... I thought it was a fair compromise. And a nice gesture to begin with. But maybe I'm being super-insensitive because I'm just so fatigued off the prior birthday(s)?
e7w1q3	I don't like clutter (physical, mental, emotional) and am thinking of doing a social media purge (unfriending people on Instagram, Facebook, snapchat, etc.)  I have snapchat streaks with some people from high school and an old summer job that I do not hold anymore. I don't really find a point in being friends with them anymore, which sounds harsh, hence the AITA.  I just don't want to be obligated to interact with people if I have no desire to spend time with them IRL or have a meaningful relationship with them, but don't want to straight-up ghost people. But it also seems like a dick move to tell these people "hey, I don't see a point in talking to you, so I’m unfollowing you." Not in so many words, but still.  WIBTA?  EDIT: this may look like I’m making a bigger deal out of it than it is - you're right, I am, but due to past experiences with trying to unfollow people without an explanation and getting an angry reaction, as well as anxiety, I’m reluctant to make a snap decision.
e7vtuh	Last weekend, my S/O and I attended a belated Thanksgiving dinner (we live in the UK, I'm American - don't get a 4 day weekend to celebrate, unfortunately) mostly prepared by his friend's wife (also an American). The meal was great and had most of the usuals: mashed potatoes, veggies, cranberry sauce, pumpkin pie, etc. Except, since she's vegetarian, we had a mushroom pie as the main dish instead of turkey. I'm totally cool with this, especially since I barely even like turkey.  However, it did prompt me to comment, after the meal, that "while it was nontraditional, it was really good and I very much enjoyed it." Oof?  My S/O reminded me of this today and explained that while he knew I meant it as a compliment, he thought it was rude, and that she probably did so too (she didn't react at the time other than to say thanks). I get it, it probably was the wrong word to use and didn't need to be said, and the only thing I can really say in my defense is that I see being 'nontraditional' as a good thing - although I shouldn't have assumed she'd know that.  When discussing it with my partner we changed the scenario: if we were at a wedding where the bride wore a blue dress, would I have said something similar? Something like, "Your dress is unconventional, but I really love the choice and you look beautiful!" And honestly, I'm not sure. I think I would have because I see breaking tradition/convention as a positive thing to be celebrated, but maybe not now that my S/O has explained how that can come off. What do you think?  Edit: What's interesting is that the thing that you guys have picked up on is the 'while it was' part, which I agree was badly worded. My S/O (yes, English) was bothered by the fact that me calling it 'nontraditional' in the first place was insulting because it was implying that a vegetarian can't have a 'traditional' Thanksgiving dinner because they won't ever eat/serve turkey.e7va4u	hello assholes how are you?  My story is as follows. I went on a school trip and there I made a best friend and this friend 2 weeks later I went to her house to see what it was like when I was there I made a joke saying "take my mouthpiece virginity" sense that I don't bv and I did it just to see her reaction, at the time she didn't even care and just said no, the next day she started not talking to me and being ignorant, she was talking to a friend of mine and I got to joke saying "you exchanged me for him" "at that moment she said" fuck you ", from that moment I felt that she didn't want my friendship anymore.  After a while I went to ask my friend to say that I was sorry for her, and the girl said that I was crazy, from that moment I started to be sad, knowing that I asked the friendship of a very important people for me.  yesterday I went to try to talk to her again and made a giant sentimental text saying everything I felt, and she ignored and didn't even say no. Note: I was talking bad about her to everyone later she changed me  I Am The Asshole?